F. Yin and Z. Zhang, "A Robust Image Segmentation Method Integrating Deep Priors and MCMC Optimization," 2025 International Conference on Advanced Computing and Intelligent Robotics Applications (ACIRA), Guangzhou, China, 2025, pp. 154-158, doi: 10.1109/ACIRA67680.2025.11334989.Abstract: Aiming at the problems of blurred boundary and target adhesion in image segmentation, a robust image segmentation method combining depth prior and MCMC optimization is proposed. This method constructs a two-stage depth probabilistic fine tuning (DPR) framework: Initially, a U-Net model extracts strong semantic priors to mitigate topological defects common in deep learning-based segmentation. These priors are then embedded into a Markov Random Field (MRF) energy function and refined via a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) sampling strategy, enhancing structural consistency and anti-interference capabilities while preserving the model's high accuracy. This integration can refine the initial segmentation in detail, and effectively avoid the wrong merging of adjacent objects and other topology errors. The method achieves a 56% reduction in 95% Hausdorff distance compared to standalone U-Net and traditional MCMC approaches, demonstrating superior performance in boundary delineation. The proposed framework significantly enhances the robustness and accuracy of visual perception systems. It provides a reliable technical foundation for advanced computing applications in intelligent robotics, such as precise object manipulation, environment understanding, and autonomous navigation, by delivering more trustworthy and geometrically precise segmentation results. keywords: {Deep learning;Image segmentation;Accuracy;Adhesives;Semantics;Probabilistic logic;Robustness;Optimization;Tuning;Visual perception;Image Segmentation;Deep Learning;MCMC;Probabilistic Refinement;U-Net},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11334989&isnumber=11334208

M. Aly et al., "Optimized LFC Design for Future Low-Inertia Power Electronics Based Modern Power Grids," 2023 IEEE Conference on Power Electronics and Renewable Energy (CPERE), Luxor, Egypt, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/CPERE56564.2023.10119568.Abstract: Numerous renewable energy source (RES) plants have lately been added to modern power grids. Power electronics converter systems (PECS) have become key components in the structures of these RESs for grid integration. However, PECS-based RESs result in decreased power system inertia, which reduces as penetration increases. Load frequency controllers (LFCs) have enhanced the performance of current power grids based on PECS. As a result, this study provides an optimal LFC structure based on merging characteristics from standard Tilt-Integral-Derivative (TID) and fractional order-based proportional-integral-derivative (FOPID) controllers in a novel combined FOTID LFC technique. The recently announced slime mould algorithm (SMA) was used to optimize the parameters of the proposed LFC. The results of a two-area RES-based power grid simulation are utilized to validate the proposed TFOID controller and the SMA-based design optimization. keywords: {Renewable energy sources;Power system stability;Power grids;Power electronics;Stability analysis;PD control;Relays;Fractional order control;load frequency controller;power electronics converters;renewable energy sources;slime mould algorithm (SMA)},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10119568&isnumber=10119529

J. Sugihara, M. Zhao, T. Nishio, K. Okada and M. Inaba, "BEATLE—Self-Reconfigurable Aerial Robot: Design, Control and Experimental Validation," in IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics, vol. 30, no. 5, pp. 3537-3547, Oct. 2025, doi: 10.1109/TMECH.2024.3470256.
Abstract: Modular self-reconfigurable robots (MSRRs) offer enhanced task flexibility by constructing various structures suitable for each task. However, conventional terrestrial MSRRs equipped with wheels face critical challenges, including limitations in the size of constructible structures and system robustness due to elevated wrench loads applied to each module. In this work, we introduce an aerial MSRR (A-MSRR) system named BEnding-moment-free self-reconfigurable Aerial roboT moduLE (BEATLE), capable of merging and separating in-flight. BEATLE can merge without applying wrench loads to adjacent modules, thereby expanding the scalability and robustness of conventional terrestrial MSRRs. In this article, we propose a system configuration for BEATLE, including mechanical design, a control framework for multiconnected flight, and a motion planner for reconfiguration motion. The design of a docking mechanism and housing structure aims to balance the durability of the constructed structure with ease of separation. Furthermore, the proposed flight control framework achieves stable multiconnected flight based on contact wrench control. Moreover, the proposed motion planner based on a finite state machine achieves precise and robust reconfiguration motion. We also introduce the actual implementation of the prototype and validate the robustness and scalability of the proposed system design through experiments and simulation studies.
keywords: {Rotors;Vectors;Torque;Switches;Couplings;Autonomous aerial vehicles;Servomotors;Scalability;Mobile robots;Wheels;Aerial robots;contact wrench control;distributed systems;reconfigurable robots},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10723086&isnumber=11207545


M. Zhao and K. Zhao, "A Self-Adaptive Object Detection Network for Aerial Images Based on Feature Enhancement," in IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters, vol. 20, pp. 1-5, 2023, Art no. 3505805, doi: 10.1109/LGRS.2023.3291572.
Abstract: Object detection in aerial images has received increasing attention for its wide applications. However, it is still a challenging task when dealing with difficult cases, such as the large variations of object sizes, the complex backgrounds in the large-scale views, as well as small targets packed in dense. In this regard, we propose a self-adaptive object detection network for aerial images based on feature enhancement, including the region crop module with soft-attention (RCP), feature enhancement module (FET), self-adaptive feature extraction module (SAE). First, RCP module with soft-attention is explored to roughly crop the dense subregion and sparse subregion into patches according to the variance of feature maps for the following feature extraction and detection. Second, the FET module is proposed to acquire more semantic details by feature enhancement, which makes up the information loss during downsampling, especially for small objects in dense regions. Finally, th SAE module is explored to effectively identify multiple target regions and single target regions in the dense patches. The similarity of adjacent dense areas in dense patches is calculated, and the search range is gradually narrowed by continuously merging the areas with the largest similarity. The teacher-network and student-network are used to extract features for multiple target regions and single target regions, respectively. The proposed design improves the accuracy of real-time detection under the drone’s perspective. A large number of experiments and comprehensive evaluations on the VisDrone2019-DET dataset have shown the effectiveness and adaptability of the proposed method. Our source codes have been available at https://github.com/zhaokai152.
keywords: {Feature extraction;Crops;Field effect transistors;Object detection;Convolution;Search problems;Task analysis;Aerial image;deep learning;target detection},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10171434&isnumber=10034981


S. Ju and C. Wang, "Beyond Simple Text Style Transfer: Unveiling Compound Text Style Transfer with Prompt-Based Pre-Trained Language Models," ICASSP 2024 - 2024 IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP), Seoul, Korea, Republic of, 2024, pp. 6850-6854, doi: 10.1109/ICASSP48485.2024.10447801.Abstract: Compound text style transfer is an innovative task that seeks to merge textual elements from distinct styles, themes, or attributes to create diverse and distinctive textual content. This technique plays an important role in various fields, such as personalized storyline generation for game characters and movie plot development. However, it faces certain challenges, including model size limitations, data scarcity, and evaluation difficulties. To address these challenges, we present corresponding solutions. First, we leverage GPT-3.5-turbo to build a comprehensive framework for generating compound style corpora to address data scarcity. Second, we propose Multi-Prompts-Fusion-Framework (MPFF), a data-centric compound text style transfer framework to compensate for the impact of model size reduction. Finally, we use a GPT-3.5-turbo-based evaluation method to assess semantic preservation, style transfer consistency, and grammatical fluency. Our experiments consistently demonstrate the effectiveness of our compound text style transfer framework. Code and data are available at https://github.com/Arthas183/MPFF. keywords: {Training;Semantics;Games;Signal processing;Motion pictures;Compounds;Task analysis;Compound Text Style Transfer;Prompt Tuning;Pre-trained Language Model},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10447801&isnumber=10445803

Y. Su, D. Matsuka, H. Chen and Y. Xiao, "Automatic elevator shaft measurement with mobile measurement device based on 3D positioning," IECON 2024 - 50th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, Chicago, IL, USA, 2024, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/IECON55916.2024.10905843.Abstract: In the construction of high-rise buildings, measuring elevator shaft is dangerous and physically burdensome to the workers because the dimensions of the main structure are measured by hand at all floor openings using the plumb line, which is the standard for the inside of the shaft, as the reference position. This paper proposes an automatic measurement method that can measure the dimensions of the main structure of the shaft with high accuracy. This method uses a mobile measuring device lifted by a winch. The measuring device do self-positioning with a pair of positioners that calculate the absolute position of the device from two vertical laser beams, a distance sensor for height measurement, an inclination senor for tilt compensation. It detects the main structure of elevator shaft by camera and order the winch to lift it to exact height to measure the structure. It measures the main structure with a horizontal distance measuring unit consisting of a rotary stage and two laser rangefinders. Then, three-dimensional data of the main structure of the shaft can be obtained by merging self-positioning information with horizontal measuring data. To evaluate the usefulness of this system, an automatic measurement test was performed on a shaft with a height of 23 m. The recognition period of the camera is 5 Hz, and it was confirmed that it can be automatically stationary at the height of the main structure. In addition, the maximum error in the repeated measurement of the specific point specified in the main structure was ± 4.4 mm, which was less than the ± 5 mm required for the elevator shaft measurement. keywords: {Shafts;Three-dimensional displays;Measurement uncertainty;Measurement by laser beam;Position measurement;Winches;Cameras;Elevators;Structural beams;Standards;elevator shaft;mobile measurement;3D positioning;automation},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10905843&isnumber=10905066

Lis Nanver; Tihomir Knežević, "Optical Detectors," in Advances in Semiconductor Technologies: Selected Topics Beyond Conventional CMOS , IEEE, 2023, pp.211-229, doi: 10.1002/9781119869610.ch11.Abstract: In the context of More than Moore (MtM), an overview is given of optical detectors that are either commercially available today or in advanced development. Focus is placed on the integration in or with complementary metal‐oxide‐semiconductor (CMOS) technology that can provide electronic readout circuits as well as circuits for signal amplification and speed enhancement. Today, optical detectors form part of optical sensors used in a wide range of technologies spanning the electromagnetic spectrum from well below vacuum‐ultraviolet wavelengths, through visual wavelengths to the far infrared (FIR). Mobile telecommunication has particularly pushed the development of potent CMOS imagers comprised of Si photodiode (PD) pixels, suitable for visual to near‐infrared wavelength detection, but many applications of the shorter ultraviolet wavelengths (e.g. monitoring/diagnostic systems in medicine, flame detection, radiation detection, and biosensors) and the longer infrared wavelengths (e.g. fiber optics, laser, remote sensing, data storage, and optical communication systems) are also under intensive development. The merging of CMOS electronics with photonic integrated circuits (PICs) is now being enabled by high‐performance Ge‐on‐Si and InGaAs‐based photodiodes. Wide‐bandgap materials have been developed for solar‐blind ultraviolet detectors. Narrow‐bandgap photoconductors are suitable for infrared wavelengths up to about of 20 μm, beyond which thermal detectors are used. Alternative photodetector devices are being researched using special nanowire, quantum‐well/‐dot, and 2D‐material structures that additionally may have their performance enhanced by adding plasmonic surface structures. These technologies aim to enhance the compatibility with CMOS by enabling direct integration at the chip level, either as front‐end CMOS modules or as back‐end add‐ons. keywords: {Silicon;Germanium;Detectors;Optical sensors;Optical imaging;Biomedical optical imaging;Time factors},

A. Caccavale and M. Schwager, "Trust But Verify: A Distributed Algorithm for Multi-Robot Wireframe Exploration and Mapping," 2019 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), Macau, China, 2019, pp. 3294-3301, doi: 10.1109/IROS40897.2019.8967932.Abstract: This paper presents a novel distributed mapping algorithm for multiple resource-constrained robots operating in a rectilinear 2D environment. The algorithm is built upon the sparse wireframe map representation and updating framework in [1]. We propose an exploration strategy based on the labeling of the vertices in the wireframe map, combined with a map-merging interrupt routine that is activated when robots enter into communication range with one another. The maps are not naively merged, but instead the receiving robot verifies the received information before it is assimilated by attempting to drive to the location where the other robot was when communication was established. The robots do not share a global coordinate frame, so prior to a merge the relative map alignment is determined. This is achieved using the random sample consensus (RANSAC) framework with a custom feature which leverages the structure inherent in the wireframe map representation. This results in a lower rate of false-positive matches compared to another state-of-the-art feature used in point cloud alignment, the 4-point congruent set (4PCS). We show our feature to be more robust to false-positive alignments, a common occurrence when attempting to align sparse structures such as wireframe maps. We present high fidelity simulation results in a ROS-Gazebo environment with lidar-equipped TurtleBots1 to highlight the benefits of our algorithm.1The TurtleBot3 burger configuration www.turtlebot.com.URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8967932&isnumber=8967518

P. J. Zhou et al., "Fullerene-Inspired Efficient Neuromorphic Network-on-Chip Scheme," in IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems II: Express Briefs, vol. 71, no. 3, pp. 1376-1380, March 2024, doi: 10.1109/TCSII.2023.3323837.
Abstract: Router-based network-on-chips (NoCs) are widely used for multi-core interconnection in neuromorphic chips. The NoC scheme has a great impact on communication efficiency. Although many efforts have been made to develop high-efficiency NoC schemes, they still suffer from poor topological connectivity and the single function of routing nodes, making it stay on a low efficiency in neuromorphic computing. This brief proposes an efficient merge-and-link (MerLin) NoC scheme by reconsidering interconnection topology and bottom communication nodes. At the topology level, an efficient communication structure inspired by the fullerene-60 structure is proposed as the NoC topology; at the node level, an efficient merge-and-link routing scheme is proposed for implementing the bottom routers. The fullerene-60-inspired topology brings improvements of 8~63% in average degree and  $2\times $  in connectivity and a decrease of 9~27% in the communication distance compared with other topologies. The merge-and-link router supports hybrid transmission modes, achieves a low transmission latency of 2 clock periods, and only occupies 0.004 mm2 area. Eventually, the MerLin NoC achieves a minimal zero-load latency of 6.32 clock cycles, outperforming related works. This brief is expected as a promising solution to optimize the interconnection of next-generation multi-core neuromorphic chips.
keywords: {Topology;Routing;Data communication;Clocks;Neuromorphic engineering;Bandwidth;Switches;Spiking neural networks;Neuromorphic computing;network-on-chip (NoC);router;spiking neural network (SNN)},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10278202&isnumber=10460332


G. A. S. Novaes and H. Y. Kim, "Super-Resolution of Color Halftone Images Using Convolutional Neural Networks," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 9082-9096, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3352431.
Abstract: In this work, we investigate how to increase the resolution of color halftone images using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). As far as we know, this is the first work that increases resolution of color halftone images using a CNN-based solution. For this task, we first train the well-known Enhanced Deep Super-Resolution (EDSR) network with halftone images to obtain the Halftone-EDSR model. We argue that it is not possible to use conventional data augmentation techniques in this problem, due to the peculiar texture of halftone images. We present cropping as a viable data augmentation technique. Using cropping and image patches as training samples, we substantially speed up the training and get better quality models. We compare the independent channel model (which increases the resolution of each of the CMYK channels independently and then merges them) with the joint channel model (which increases the resolution of all four image channels at once) and conclude that the the latter is superior to the first. We experimentally demonstrate that the proposed Halftone-EDSR is superior to all previous techniques, both for pre-print and post-print halftone images. However, Halftone-EDSR can generate upsampled images with Moiré patterns. To minimize Moiré patterns, we propose a new network model called Halftone-Net. We use the Fast Fourier Transform, followed by a CNN, to detect the strong presence of Moiré patterns in halftone images and demonstrate that Halftone-Net generates fewer images with strong Moiré patterns than Halftone-EDSR.
keywords: {Image color analysis;Image resolution;Color;Printing;Convolutional neural networks;Printers;Data augmentation;Deep learning;Superresolution;Halftone;convolutional neural networks;deep learning;up-sampling;super-resolution},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10387444&isnumber=10380310


Y. Li, L. Peng, Y. Hao, H. Li, X. Chen and B. Yang, "D-CoA: Probability Density-based Confidence Assignment Semi-Supervised Clustering Ensemble," 2023 IEEE 29th International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS), Ocean Flower Island, China, 2023, pp. 327-332, doi: 10.1109/ICPADS60453.2023.00057.Abstract: In recent years, semi-supervised clustering ensembles have gained significant attention in the field of clustering. These ensembles leverage limited prior knowledge to guide the clustering process. Nonetheless, throughout the integration process, owing to the employment of diverse fundamental clustering algorithms, disparate algorithms generate incongruent results. Consequently, ascertain a more reliable conclusion becomes a formidable challenge. In this paper, we introduce D-CoA (Density based Confidence of Assignment), a novel semi-supervised clustering ensemble algorithm, designed to navigate the intricacies of this issue. D-CoA incorporates sub-clusters using the Minimum Spanning Tree algorithm and evaluates the confidence of each amalgamated cluster to establish prior confidence. Subsequently, a Mixture Density Network is leveraged to calculate the probability density distribution for each merged cluster, yielding posterior confidence scores for resolving conflicts in sample assignments. By adopting this methodology, we amplify the reliability of conflicting sample assignments. Empirical results demonstrate the versatility of this approach, as it effectively accommodates probability distributions of varying shapes, thus demonstrating its feasibility and scalability for diverse data types. keywords: {Shape;Navigation;Scalability;Employment;Clustering algorithms;Probability distribution;Reliability;semi-supervised learning;clustering ensemble;mixture density network;probability distribution},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10476247&isnumber=10475881

N. Su, H. Liu, C. Zhao, Y. Yan, J. Wang and J. He, "A Transformer-Based Three-Branch Siamese Network For Hyperspectral Object Tracking," 2022 12th Workshop on Hyperspectral Imaging and Signal Processing: Evolution in Remote Sensing (WHISPERS), Rome, Italy, 2022, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/WHISPERS56178.2022.9955082.Abstract: Hyperspectral videos can provide more information for the object tracking task. Due to the limited training samples, most current hyperspectral trackers do not fully use hyperspectral information to improve the tracking performance. To solve this problem, we propose a Transformer-based three-branch Siamese network (TrTSN) for hyperspectral object tracking. First, we construct a three-branch structure based on the Siamese network to obtain the semantic information of hyperspectral data fully. Second, we design a Transformer-based fusion module (TFM) and use two TFMs to adaptively combine the information obtained by different branches to obtain more robust features. Finally, the two sets of classification response and regression response generated by two fusion features are corresponding merged to improve the tracking network’s ability to predict the object’s position. Experimental results show that the TrTSN tracker is superior to the state-of-the-art trackers, demonstrating the effectiveness of this method. keywords: {Training;Conferences;Semantics;Signal processing;Transformers;Object tracking;Task analysis;Transformer;siamese network;hyperspectral object tracking;deep learning},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9955082&isnumber=9955024

A. M. Elsayad, F. Mubarak, H. Abdullah, M. Fahhad and N. Saad, "Advancements In Passive Landmine Detection A Multiclass Approach With Fluxgate Sensor And Machine Learning Models," 2024 41st National Radio Science Conference (NRSC), New Damietta, Egypt, 2024, pp. 158-165, doi: 10.1109/NRSC61581.2024.10510535.Abstract: This paper addresses the pressing issue of passive landmine detection by merging the capabilities of magnetometers and sophisticated machine learning methods. The accurate detection and categorization of landmines are crucial to mitigate the severe consequences of these devices in areas of conflict and post-conflict. Passive detection techniques offer significant benefits over active methods, they reduces the risk of detonation during detection, enhancing safety for operators and the surrounding environment. This paper presents an in-depth analysis of the methodology for passive detection of landmines by fluxgate magnetometers. A detailed literature review is conducted to investigate current techniques, highlighting both the progress and constraints of passive detection strategies. Importantly, the study emphasizes the essential role of machine learning in enhancing passive landmine detection. Three unique machine learning models—Classification and Regression Tree (CART), Support Vector Machine with Error Correcting Output Codes (ECOC-SVM), and Artificial Neural Network (ANN)—are utilized to process and model data from landmine fluxgate magnetometer detection. By leveraging Bayesian optimization and cross-validation, the research develops efficient and generalizable models, significantly improving the precision of passive landmine detection and classification. Bayesian optimization was applied using six different acquisition functions including expected improvement, lower confidence bound, and probability of improvement. The performance of the three models was assessed and contrasted using the general accuracy of the confusion matrix for both training and test subsets. The Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model demonstrated superior performance, achieving an accuracy of 100% on the training set and 82% on the test set. The study also includes a visualization and analysis of the ANN model’s partial dependence on the voltage of the fluxgate sensor. keywords: {Training;Landmine detection;Magnetometers;Artificial neural networks;Machine learning;Voltage;Data models;Passive Landmine Detection;Machine Learning;Magnetometers;Classification and Regression Tree (CART);Support Vector Machine (SVM);Artificial Neural Network (ANN)},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10510535&isnumber=10510465

H. Hakim, H. A. Jaber and Z. M. Alhakeem, "Improved Decimal Rounding Module based on Compound Adder," 2024 IEEE 17th International Symposium on Embedded Multicore/Many-core Systems-on-Chip (MCSoC), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 2024, pp. 255-260, doi: 10.1109/MCSoC64144.2024.00050.Abstract: A new approach and architecture have been presented in this paper to efficiently merge the decimal rounding stage according to the IEEE 754-2008 standard based on the compound adder. This integration serves as a crucial key to improve the computation performance of both decimal floating point multiplication and fused multiply add (FMA) operation. The decimal rounding control unit is based on the IEEE 754-2008 five rounding modes. The decimal combined add/round module has been coded in the VHDL and verified using the Xilinx ISE 13.2. The overall critical path delay is compared with another design based on the BCD adder with the decimal rounding. The results have shown at least 3.4 % improvement in terms of delay reduction. keywords: {VHDL;Multicore processing;Computer architecture;Hardware;Delays;Compounds;Adders;Standards;DFP;BFP;FMA;Rounding module;VHDL},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10819551&isnumber=10819504

C. Chen, J. Yang, G. Liang, G. Li, N. Qun and Y. Gao, "A Bi-directional Graph Convolutional Network Rumor Detection Model Based on Textual Data and Propagation Tree Node Enhancement," 2023 International Conference on Image Processing, Computer Vision and Machine Learning (ICICML), Chengdu, China, 2023, pp. 248-251, doi: 10.1109/ICICML60161.2023.10424783.Abstract: This paper proposes a bi-directional graph convolutional network based on textual data enhancement and propagation tree node enhancement for performing rumor detection accurately and efficiently in social networks. This method not only mines the deep layer features of text and avoids the problem of feature construction but also generates hidden features that are difficult to discover manually. Meanwhile, it considers the effects of semantic context and labels on shielded position words, thus generating different expressions of the same emotion polarity at the position of shielded words according to context. Therefore, it can represent the information in social networks more flexibly and accurately and improve the generalization ability of trained classifiers. Moreover, a propagation tree node enhancement method based on event propagation structure is proposed. The formed hidden layer feature vectors after each node pass through the graph convolutional layer are merged with the hidden layer feature vectors of the last layer node, and a new feature matrix is obtained. In addition to better using the abundant information contained in the source post as well as various forwarding nodes, it can also obtain more accurate node expression from the relationships among various nodes. Therefore, it can improve the accuracy of rumor detection. keywords: {Social networking (online);Image processing;Semantics;Bidirectional control;Machine learning;Data models;Convolutional neural networks;Bi-gcn;rumor detection;tree;feature matrix;social networks},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10424783&isnumber=10424727

S. Habbu, J. Kulkarni, G. Ghule, A. Ratnaparkhi, A. G. Alharbi and C. -Y. -D. Sim, "Multiband and Multifunctional Microstrip Fed Antenna for WLAN/LTE/X/Ku Band Applications," 2022 IEEE 7th International conference for Convergence in Technology (I2CT), Mumbai, India, 2022, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/I2CT54291.2022.9824085.Abstract: The aim of this paper is to develop a U-shaped microstrip fed structure consisting of an antenna radiator placed above the two ends of the U-shaped structure. The antenna radiators are mirror image of one another where three caterpillar shaped radiating strips are embedded inside the rectangular strip along with G-shaped radiator placed at vertical side. This designed structure produces four resonances at 2.5 GHz, 10.31 GHz, 11.89 GHz and 17.45 GHz to conform the bandwidth requirement and radio frequency (RF) performance including gain, efficiency, radiation patterns to operate smoothly in Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN), Long Term Evolution (LTE), X and Ku band for wireless, radar and video satellite applications, simultaneously. The proposed caterpillar strip antenna demonstrates the simulated impedance bandwidth of 35.55% (2.20 – 3.16 GHz), 22.68% (9.89 – 12.40 GHz) and 25.09% (16.63 – 18.87 GHz) at resonating frequency of 2.5 GHz, merging of two resonances 10.31GHz & 11.89 GHz, and 17.45 GHz, respectively. The proposed caterpillar strip antenna exhibits the RF performance including gain above 2.5dBi, efficiency greater than 75% and omnidirectional farfield patterns in the desired band of operation. Thus, due to low profile 40×40×0.8mm3, economical structure, multiband and multifunctional capabilities in the desired wireless bands, the presented caterpillar strip antenna is good contender to be embedded inside wireless mobile terminals for wireless, radar and video satellite communication and applications. keywords: {Wireless communication;Radio frequency;Wireless LAN;Satellite antennas;Spaceborne radar;Microstrip antennas;Radar antennas;wireless;radar;video satellite;LTE;communication;G-shaped radiator and U-shaped microstrip fed},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9824085&isnumber=9823960

P. J. Skrodzki, M. Burger, L. A. Finney, J. Nees and I. Jovanovic, "Improved Analytical Performance of Remote Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy via Concatenation of Filament-Driven Optical Waveguides Formed in Air," 2022 IEEE International Conference on Plasma Science (ICOPS), Seattle, WA, USA, 2022, pp. 1-1, doi: 10.1109/ICOPS45751.2022.9813027.Abstract: Filamentation of ultrafast laser pulses in air, resulting from dynamic equilibrium of nonlinear self-focusing, consequent plasma formation and de-focusing, and diffraction, enables confined propagation over distances that greatly exceed the Rayleigh range. Extended delivery of high laser intensities supports multiple applications, including remote sensing via analytical spectroscopy methods that rely on atomic or molecular ionization or excitation. The structures formed in the medium in the wake of filamentation may also be used as optical waveguides. One such waveguiding mechanism involves shaping an annular structure with depressed refractive index caused by variations in the gas temperature and pressure. The tailored thermal gradient of air in the wake of the filament plasma resembles the equivalent of a waveguide core and cladding. In this work, we concatenate two such filament-driven waveguides and show that the longer, merged structure improves the signal collection when compared to its shorter segments, resulting in better analytical performance of laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy. The results improve the prospects for scaling of optical guiding structures in air to greater distances in remote sensing applications. keywords: {Spectroscopy;Optical diffraction;Waveguide lasers;Optical variables control;Plasmas;Ultrafast optics;Optical sensors},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9813027&isnumber=9812949

Y. Xu et al., "A Zero-Input-Current-Ripple High Voltage Gain DC-DC Converter With Y-Source Coupled Inductor," 2024 IEEE 7th International Electrical and Energy Conference (CIEEC), Harbin, China, 2024, pp. 300-305, doi: 10.1109/CIEEC60922.2024.10583554.Abstract: In this paper, a zero-input-current-ripple (ZICR) DC-DC converter is proposed. The proposed converter benefits like significant voltage gain and enhanced efficiency. ZICR is achieved by adding a ZICR structure, which consists of a capacitor, an inductor, and a coupled inductor. The presence of the capacitor results in an average zero current passing through the ZICR structure. Therefore, a small size magnetic core can be used to design the inductor and coupled inductor, which can reduce the volume and copper loss of the magnetic components. In addition, merging a voltage multiplier with a Y-source coupled inductor to derive high boost capacity. The inherent passive clamping circuit effectively alleviates the turn off voltage spike of the switch. All diodes achieve zero current switching (ZCS) turn off by utilizing capacitors to absorb leakage energy. Then, the reverse recovery issues are mitigated. An in-depth elaboration is provided for the operating principle of the converter. Ultimately, a prototype with 200-W, 32–380 V, 50-kHz is developed to validate the realizability of the proposed converter. Within the output power range of 40-200W, the overall efficiency of the prototype with the ZICR structure is higher than that without this structure. The peak efficiency of the proposed converter, both in the presence and absence of the ZICR structure, stands at 95.9% and 95.6%, respectively. keywords: {Photovoltaic systems;Magnetic cores;Capacitors;Prototypes;Voltage;DC-DC power converters;Switches;High voltagwae gain;Y-source coupled inductor;zero-input-current-ripple;voltage multiplier;DC-DC converter},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10583554&isnumber=10582978

R. Chacón and M. R. Estela, "Designing maths-based STEAM activities for civil engineering curricula," 2020 IEEE Frontiers in Education Conference (FIE), Uppsala, Sweden, 2020, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/FIE44824.2020.9273989.Abstract: This work-in-progress innovative practice describes a set of pedagogical activities designed for students of 1st, 2nd and 3rd year of civil engineering programs. The pedagogical project has a twofold aim: i) infusing fabrication, coding and instrumentation in civil engineering courses and ii) fostering motivation and creativity among students by merging STEAM and Maths. For this purpose, a set of hands-on activities described herein encompasses concepts of calculus (functions, curves and derivatives), concepts of surveying (construction and measurement using sensors and microcontrollers by means of a fabrication of a low-cost Lidar) and concepts of algorithmic programming in which measurement and programming are blended together. Three workshops coupled with multimedia documents are prepared. Firstly, a workshop related to programming mathematical curves and derivatives in the coding platform Processing whose aim is to reinforce coding skills to our students. Secondly, a workshop related to the development of the Lidar using electronic prototyping boards such as Arduino whose aim is to introduce instrumentation skills to them. Thirdly, a workshop related to the use of algorithmic programming design platforms such as Grasshopper whose aim is to couple measurement and coding together. These activities are conceived for formal infusion in the next generation of civil engineering courses to be deployed at our school from 2020 onwards. keywords: {Conferences;Civil engineering;Encoding;Visualization;Instruments;Fabrication;Calculus;STEAM;Civil Engineering;Workshop},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9273989&isnumber=9273811

L. Yang, X. Dong, Z. Wan, D. Lu, Y. Zhang and Y. Shen, "HiCoCS: High Concurrency Cross-Sharding on Permissioned Blockchains," in IEEE Transactions on Computers, vol. 74, no. 7, pp. 2168-2182, July 2025, doi: 10.1109/TC.2025.3558001.
Abstract: As the foundation of the Web3 trust system, blockchain technology faces increasing demands for scalability. Sharding emerges as a promising solution, but it struggles to handle highly concurrent cross-shard transactions (CSTxs), primarily due to simultaneous ledger operations on the same account. Hyperledger Fabric, a permissioned blockchain, employs multi-version concurrency control for parallel processing. Existing solutions use channels and intermediaries to achieve cross-sharding in Hyperledger Fabric. However, the conflict problem caused by highly concurrent CSTxs has not been adequately resolved. To fill this gap, we propose HiCoCS, a high concurrency cross-shard scheme for permissioned blockchains. HiCoCS creates a unique virtual sub-broker for each CSTx by introducing a composite key structure, enabling conflict-free concurrent transaction processing while reducing resource overhead. The challenge lies in managing large numbers of composite keys and mitigating intermediary privacy risks. HiCoCS utilizes virtual sub-brokers to receive and process CSTxs concurrently while maintaining a transaction pool. Batch processing is employed to merge multiple CSTxs in the pool, improving efficiency. We explore composite key reuse to reduce the number of virtual sub-brokers and lower system overhead. Privacy preservation is enhanced using homomorphic encryption. Evaluations show that HiCoCS improves cross-shard transaction throughput by 3.5-20.2 times compared to the baselines.
keywords: {Blockchains;Sharding;Fabrics;Concurrent computing;Distributed ledger;Concurrency control;Privacy;Security;Scalability;Homomorphic encryption;Blockchain scalability;cross-shard transaction;high concurrency processing;permissioned blockchain},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10949782&isnumber=11030070


X. Xu et al., "EMTrack: Event-Guide Multimodal Transformer for Challenging Single-Object Tracking," in IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, vol. 63, pp. 1-14, 2025, Art no. 5626914, doi: 10.1109/TGRS.2025.3576982.
Abstract: Object tracking is an important visual task in the field of remote sensing. Currently, traditional frame-based paradigms have demonstrated superior performance. However, research on remote sensing object tracking by applying event cameras has not yet been conducted. Meanwhile, there are still four key issues that need to be addressed: 1) remote sensing object tracking is prone to losing the target in challenging scenarios (e.g., occlusion, motion blur, overexposure, and low light); 2) mainstream event-to-tensor representation methods lack detailed spatiotemporal cues, making it difficult to achieve better integration with exposure frames; 3) the widely used vision transformer (ViT) backbone consumes significant computational resources and incurs increased inference time, particularly when simultaneous feature extraction for both search and template; and 4) unimodal information (event-based or frame-based) struggles to address all complex environments encountered in object tracking. In this work, we introduce the remote sensing event-based object tracking (RSEOT) dataset, the first multimodal remote sensing dataset based on both event and visible information, which encompasses various challenging scenarios while offering a new insight into object tracking. In addition, we have improved the voxel grid by applying linear integration to the preceding and following exposure events, facilitating better integration with frame-based paradigms. Furthermore, we propose a novel backbone, ViT-STCA, while introducing search-template cross attention (STCA) to merge the granular features of search and template. This approach significantly improves tracking performance while greatly reducing computational complexity. Extensive experiments on the RSEOT dataset demonstrate that our method achieves 29.60% area under curve (AUC),  $46.02\% P$ , and  $36.11\% P_{\text {norm}}$ , outperforming all other state-of-the-art single-object tracking approaches (e.g., SUTrack, SeqTrackv2, One Tracker, SDSTrack, Un-Track, ViPT, and ProTrack). The code and model are available at https://github.com/lpsg555/EMTrack
keywords: {Cameras;Remote sensing;Streaming media;Object tracking;Target tracking;Spatiotemporal phenomena;Encoding;Feature extraction;Data mining;Transformers;Event cameras;low-altitude remote sensing;multimodal fusion;single-object tracking},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11026009&isnumber=10807682


M. -D. Rubén Javier, V. -P. Nelson Enrique and R. -R. Andrés Ovidio, "Sallfus, library for satellite images fusion on homogeneous and heterogeneous computing architectures," in IEEE Latin America Transactions, vol. 18, no. 12, pp. 2130-2137, December 2020, doi: 10.1109/TLA.2020.9400441.
Abstract: Fusion of satellite images consists of improving the quality of a multispectral image by combining data from a high spatial resolution panchromatic image with a high spectral resolution multispectral image. To carry out this, different techniques are available, which perform various operations at the pixel level, which leads to generating a dependency between the computational requirement and the image size. Currently, there are some libraries that implement these fusion methods, however, none of them allow this fusion process to be carried out on heterogeneous architectures, which enable the integration of acceleration platforms that reduce execution time through massive parallelization. For this reason, this document presents a library called Sallfus, which allows executing and evaluating the quality and performance of image fusion methods such as the Brovey transform, Multiplicative method, Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and Wavelet A trous, on homogeneous and heterogeneous architectures. Likewise, an evaluation of the library is made from an analysis of execution times and image quality using mathematical-statistical indices such as the correlation coefficient (CC), BIAS coefficient and Root of the Root Mean Square Error (RMSE). The results of the library evaluation showed that the merging process with images of 8192 pixels, presents a speed-up of approximately 591x for Brovey, 309x for Multiplicative, 18x for PCA and 6x for A trous. Additionally, it was observed that the methods that presented the best performance both computationally and in the quality of the merged image were Brovey and Wavelet A trous. Availability and implementation: https://github.com/Parall-UD/sallfus.
keywords: {Principal component analysis;Wavelet transforms;Graphics processing units;Libraries;Satellites;Image fusion;Computer architecture;Brovey transform;Heterogenous Computing;Multiplicative transform;Principal Component Analysis;Satellite-image fusion;Wavelet À trous},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9400441&isnumber=9400427


E. Cha, H. Chung, E. Y. Kim and J. C. Ye, "Unpaired Training of Deep Learning tMRA for Flexible Spatio-Temporal Resolution," in IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging, vol. 40, no. 1, pp. 166-179, Jan. 2021, doi: 10.1109/TMI.2020.3023620.
Abstract: Time-resolved MR angiography (tMRA) has been widely used for dynamic contrast enhanced MRI (DCE-MRI) due to its highly accelerated acquisition.In tMRA, the periphery of the k-space data are sparsely sampled so that neighbouring frames can be merged to construct one temporal frame. However, this view-sharing scheme fundamentally limits the temporal resolution, and it is not possible to change the view-sharing number to achieve different spatio-temporal resolution trade-offs. Although many deep learning approaches have been recently proposed for MR reconstruction from sparse samples, the existing approaches usually require matched fully sampled k-space reference data for supervised training, which is not suitable for tMRA due to the lack of high spatio-temporal resolution ground-truth images. To address this problem, here we propose a novel unpaired training scheme for deep learning using optimal transport driven cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (cycleGAN). In contrast to the conventional cycleGAN with two pairs of generator and discriminator, the new architecture requires just a single pair of generator and discriminator, which makes the training much simpler but still improves the performance. Reconstruction results using in vivo tMRA and simulation data set confirm that the proposed method can immediately generate high quality reconstruction results at various choices of view-sharing numbers, allowing us to exploit better trade-off between spatial and temporal resolution in time-resolved MR angiography.
keywords: {Spatial resolution;Training;Image reconstruction;Generators;Machine learning;Neural networks;Time-resolved MRA;dynamic contrast enhanced MRI;deep learning;cycleGAN;penalized least squares (PLS);optimal transport},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9195022&isnumber=9310721


B. Lin, C. Lin, X. Chen, M. Lin, G. Huang and Z. Xu, "Cost-Driven Scheduling for Workflow Decision Making Systems in Fuzzy Edge-Cloud Environments," in IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering, vol. 22, pp. 3756-3771, 2025, doi: 10.1109/TASE.2024.3435026.
Abstract: Workflow decision making is critical to performing many practical applications of scientific principles and data. Scheduling in edge-cloud environments can address the high complexity of workflow applications, while decreasing the data transmission delay between the cloud and end devices. However, due to the heterogeneous resources in edge-cloud environments and the complicated data dependencies between the tasks in a workflow, significant challenges for workflow scheduling remain, including the selection of an optimal tasks-servers solution from the possible numerous combinations. Existing studies are mainly done subject to rigorous conditions without fluctuations, ignoring the fact that workflow scheduling is typically present in uncertain environments. In this study, we focus on reducing the execution cost of multiple workflow applications mainly caused by data transmission and task computation, while satisfying the required deadline constraints. Triangular fuzzy numbers are employed to represent the computing performance of servers and transmission bandwidth in fuzzy edge-cloud environments. A cost-driven scheduling strategy for multiple Poisson-arrived workflow applications using partial critical paths is proposed. It firstly merges cut edges through preprocess to reduce the workflow scale, then uniformly schedules all tasks on each partial critical path to avoid data transmission between dependent tasks and reduce the data transmission cost. The experimental results show that our strategy can obtain the optimal feasible scheduling scheme and have better robustness and real-time performance with different deadline constraints, compared with other benchmark strategies. Note to Practitioners—Vehicle identification is one of the workflow decision making systems in transportation environments, whose core technology is Deep Neural Networks (DNN). Traffic cameras with limited process capacity periodically record the images of on-road vehicles, and usually fail to complete the applications within their deadlines. Workflow decision making is one of the key issues to performance DNNs in vehicle identification applications. The uncertain environments have a great impact on the system latency for such problems, which can easily lead to the misjudgement of the optimal scheduling. In addition, it is difficult to select an optimal layers-servers solution from the numerous combinations. Therefore, we can employ the scheduling strategy (i.e., SWPCP) to make intelligent and faster workflow decisions for vehicle identification applications, which can reduce the execution cost mainly caused by layer computation and data transmission between layers within their deadlines, even in uncertain edge-cloud environments. Complex DNN layers (tasks) in vehicle identification applications can be scheduled to the cloud for execution, while simple ones are processed on the edge. The cloud and edge platforms collaborate with each other and execute the DNN layers with low system cost and latency.
keywords: {Processor scheduling;Task analysis;Cloud computing;Costs;Job shop scheduling;Data communication;Servers;Fuzzy edge-cloud environments;workflow decision making systems;cost-driven scheduling strategy;deadline constraints},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10622004&isnumber=10839176


J. Chen, Y. Ding, B. Xin, Q. Yang and H. Fang, "A Unifying Framework for Human–Agent Collaborative Systems—Part I: Element and Relation Analysis," in IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics, vol. 52, no. 1, pp. 138-151, Jan. 2022, doi: 10.1109/TCYB.2020.2977602.
Abstract: The human–agent collaboration (HAC) is a prospective research topic whose great applications and future scenarios have attracted vast attention. In a broad sense, the HAC system (HACS) can be broken down into six elements: “Man,” “Agents,” “Goal,” “Network,” “Environment,” and “Tasks.” By merging these elements and building a relation graph, this article proposes a systematic analysis framework for HACS, and attempts to make a comprehensive analysis of these elements and their relationships. We coin the abbreviation “MAGNET” to name the framework by stringing together the initials of the above six terms. The framework provides novel insights into analyzing various HAC patterns and integrates different types of HACSs in a unifying way. The presentation of the HACS framework is divided into two parts. This article, part I, presents the systematic analysis framework. Part II proposes a normalized two-stage top-level design procedure for designing an HACS from the perspective of MAGNET.
keywords: {Teamwork;Task analysis;Robot kinematics;Systematics;Magnetic analysis;Human–agent collaboration (HAC);human–agent collaborative system (HACS);human–agent teamwork;human–robot collaboration (HRC);supervisory control},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9040882&isnumber=9678110


C. Hardy and H. -P. Le, "A Reconfigurable Single-Inductor Multi-Stage Hybrid Converter for 1-Cell Battery Chargers," in IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits, vol. 58, no. 12, pp. 3503-3518, Dec. 2023, doi: 10.1109/JSSC.2023.3302841.
Abstract: This article presents a reconfigurable single-inductor multi-stage (SIMS) hybrid step-down converter that efficiently provides a wide range of voltage conversion ratios (VCRs) needed for 1-cell battery charging across a wide input voltage range of 5–24 V while moving the inductor away from the high-output current path. The inductor is used to couple two synchronous switched-capacitor stages to provide soft charging benefits to each stage. A prototype was implemented in a  $0.18 \mu \text{m}$  bipolar, complimentary metal-oxide semiconductor, double-diffused metal-oxide semiconductor (BCD) process with a die area of 9.4 mm2. It extends reconfigurable switched-capacitor and merged multi-stage operation concepts to deliver a maximum output current of 5 A and achieves peak efficiencies of 94.8% and 92.4% from 5- and 24-V input supplies, respectively.
keywords: {Inductors;Switches;Voltage;Video recording;Capacitors;Topology;Steady-state;Battery chargers;DC-DC power converters;Pulse width modulation;Switched mode power supplies;Battery chargers;dc–dc power converters;power integrated circuits;pulsewidth modulation;switched capacitor (SC) circuits;switched mode power supplies;switching converters},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10225341&isnumber=10328904


M. S. Estrice, G. Sharma, K. T. Akindeji and I. E. Davidson, "Frequency Regulation Studies of Interconnected PV Thermal Power System," 2020 International SAUPEC/RobMech/PRASA Conference, Cape Town, South Africa, 2020, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/SAUPEC/RobMech/PRASA48453.2020.9041043.Abstract: The interconnected energy system with merging of renewable energy sources such as solar power resulting into an extremely non-linear system and due to which the frequency and power interchange fluctuations becomes serious concerns for power system operators due to variable loading conditions of an energy delivery system. Hence, this paper seeks to study the integration of PV based power generation with thermal power plant resulting into an interconnected energy system for frequency regulation of modern energy system for variable loading conditions. Furthermore, several structures of secondary control actions are also design and checked for frequency regulation studies of interconnected solar thermal system. The gains of secondary control actions are evaluated using diverse tuning techniques and the comparative analysis of all control designs are presented to bring back the frequency and tie-line power fluctuations back to original value and to analyze the effective control action for frequency regulation of interconnected PV thermal power system. keywords: {Time-frequency analysis;Fluctuations;Loading;Transfer functions;Thermal management;Thermal analysis;Power systems;PV-thermal interconnected system;AC tie line;PID controller;tuning methods},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9041043&isnumber=9040922

W. Han, M. Hao, Y. Yuan and P. Liu, "Fusion Enhancement of YOLOv5 and Copula Bayesian Classifier for Hand Gesture Recognition in Smart Sports Venues," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 67005-67012, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3398142.
Abstract: This study aims addresses the challenge of gesture recognition in smart sports stadiums through the fusion enhancement of YOLOv5 and Copula Bayesian Classifier algorithm. By leveraging FasterNet for YOLOv5 transformation, integrating the Convolutional Block Attention Module (CBAM) as an attention mechanism, and merging it with the Copula Bayesian Classifier, we propose a tandem model for robust gesture recognition in the complex environments of sports venues. Extensive training on a substantial dataset yields an efficient and accurate gesture recognition model. Our findings showcase the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, achieving a remarkable accuracy rate of 99.2% in identifying gesture categories swiftly. This advancement holds significant implications for future human-computer interaction in smart sports stadiums, offering a more seamless and intelligent mode of interaction for both spectators and athletes. Ultimately, it enhances user experience and management efficiency within smart sports venues.
keywords: {YOLO;Gesture recognition;Feature extraction;Bayes methods;Sports;Neck;Classification algorithms;Human computer interaction;Image processing;Copula Bayesian classifier;fusion enhancement of YOLOv5;human–computer interaction;hand gesture recognition;image processing},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10529188&isnumber=10380310


S. Bhosekar, P. Singh and D. Garg, "A Normalized Mutual Information-based Multi-Modal Medical Image Fusion Technique using Non Sub-sampled Shearlet Transform and Method Noise," 2024 Eighth International Conference on Parallel, Distributed and Grid Computing (PDGC), Waknaghat, Solan, India, 2024, pp. 767-771, doi: 10.1109/PDGC64653.2024.10984038.Abstract: In image processing, image fusion is the process of merging characteristics and information from multiple images to build a single, more complete representation. This approach includes multi-modal medical image fusion, which involves fusing medical images from several imaging modalities such as computed tomography (CT) scans, Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). This integration improves diagnostic accuracy by using each modality's own strengths, resulting in clearer visualization of anatomical structures and clinical situations. This work utilizes CT, PET, and MRI images as modalities for the experimentation purpose. This study (M3IF-NSST-MI) aims to construct a multi modal medical image approach that combines Non Sub-sampled Shearlet Transform (NSST) and method noise to the information content in the fused image, where high pass subbands are fused using Normalized Mutual Information (NMI) based fusion strategy. NSST domain is used for its Multi-Scale Representation and shift invariance. The concept of method noise as post-processing operation that extracts the information which was missed in the initial phase. The wavelet coefficients are fused using NMI-based fusion method. This combination of NSST with NMI-based fusion and method noise provides superior results than many conventional methods. This improves overall visual and parametric quality of fusion results than many compared methods. keywords: {Visualization;Accuracy;Magnetic resonance imaging;Computed tomography;Noise;Positron emission tomography;Medical diagnostic imaging;Image fusion;Mutual information;Wavelet coefficients;image fusion;multi-modal medical image fusion;NSST;normalized mutual information;CT image;MRI image},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10984038&isnumber=10983915

M. Cho and E. -Y. Chung, "MLCRP: ML-Based GPU Cache Performance Modeling Featured With Reuse Profiles," in IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 126610-126622, 2025, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3589802.
Abstract: Accurate cache performance prediction is critical for designing efficient memory hierarchies in high-performance computing systems. While cyclic simulators provide high accuracy, they require significant computational cost and time, making them inefficient for large-scale design space exploration. Analytical models are faster but lack accuracy in complex cache scenarios. This paper proposes MLCRP, a machine learning-based GPU cache performance prediction framework that utilizes the reuse profile (RP) as a key feature. RP captures memory access locality through a histogram of reuse distances. MLCRP consists of three main stages: data preparation, training, and inference. In the data preparation stage, synthetic RP-based traces are generated from parameterized distributions to simulate diverse and non-stationary memory patterns. In the training stage, a regression-based ML model is trained to capture the relationship between RP features, cache configurations, and performance metrics such as miss rate and miss status holding register (MSHR) merge rate. Finally, we propose a method to extract RP features from real GPU application traces, enabling the trained model to predict cache performance. Experimental results demonstrate that MLCRP significantly improves prediction accuracy compared to existing analytical models, maintaining the mean absolute error (MAE) within 5%. Furthermore, it successfully reduces simulation time by an average of four orders of magnitude compared to cycle-accurate simulators. Combining the strengths of analytic speed and simulation accuracy, MLCRP offers a scalable and generalizable solution for GPU cache modeling.
keywords: {Analytical models;Accuracy;Graphics processing units;Computational modeling;Predictive models;Mathematical models;Training;Data models;Feature extraction;Hardware;Cache memory;reuse distance;reuse profile;machine learning;train data generation},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11082128&isnumber=10820123


G. D'Antona, C. Laurano, P. A. Pegoraro, C. Sitzia and S. Toscani, "PMU-Based State Estimation: A Multisnapshot Approach for Mitigating the Impact of Systematic Errors and Line Parameters Uncertainty," in IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement, vol. 75, pp. 1-11, 2026, Art no. 9003911, doi: 10.1109/TIM.2026.3677985.
Abstract: The widespread installation of phasor measurement units revolutionized transmission systems monitoring, providing timestamped measurement data to state estimation (SE) algorithms. In this respect, there are two key aspects that are often overlooked, even though they cap overall performance. First, the knowledge of line parameters is typically subject to rough errors. Moreover, the most significant uncertainty contribution affecting phasor measurements is given by the systematic errors introduced by the instrument transformers. Both of these errors clearly exhibit strong time correlation. In this scenario, the present article proposes a new multisnapshot approach to SE that merges data collected in different time instants and enables improving accuracy by properly modeling the aforementioned correlations. The remarkable advantage of the method is demonstrated both analytically and through extensive numerical simulations carried out on the IEEE 14-bus test system and validated on other IEEE standard networks. A greedy procedure for retrieving the best subset of time instants to be combined is proposed and validated. Results highlight its effectiveness with respect to the exact solution, in spite of a high reduction in computational cost.
keywords: {Phasor measurement units;Current measurement;Voltage measurement;Measurement uncertainty;Uncertainty;Time measurement;State estimation;Covariance matrices;Vectors;Monitoring;Instrument transformers (ITs);phasor measurement units (PMUs);state estimation (SE);systematic errors;transmission systems},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11456895&isnumber=11329398


P. Tiwari, P. Mishra, A. Gouda and S. Ghosh, "CPW Fed Frequency Reconfigurable Antenna with Dual Band to Widband Capabilities for Millimeter Wave Applications," 2025 IEEE Microwaves, Antennas, and Propagation Conference (MAPCON), Kochi, India, 2025, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/MAPCON65020.2025.11426206.Abstract: This work presents a frequency-reconfigurable (FR) millimeter-wave (mm-wave) antenna employing a coplanar waveguide (CPW) feeding technique, capable of switching between dual-band and wideband operation. The antenna is fabricated on a Rogers RT/Duroid 5880 substrate and occupies an overall size of $1.31 \lambda_{0} \times 0.93 \lambda_{0} \times 0.075 \lambda_{0}$, where $\lambda_{0}$ denotes the free-space wavelength at the center frequency. A PIN diode is integrated into the radiating structure to enable two distinct operating states- ON and OFF. In the OFF state, the antenna exhibits dual-band characteristics with impedance bandwidths of $26.6-30.1 \text{GHz}$ and $33.5-37.6 \text{GHz}$ (IBW $= 12.35 \%$ and 11.53 %), resonating at 28 GHz and 36.25 GHz with corresponding peak gains of 4.9 dBi and 7.5 dBi. In the ON state, these two bands merge into a wideband response covering 24-38.2 GHz($\text{IBW}=45.66 \%$), with resonances at $26.2 \text{GHz}, 34.6$ GHz, and 36.5 GHz, achieving peak gains of $5.58 \text{dBi}, 5.3 \text{dBi}$, and 7.6 dBi, respectively. The antenna performance is thoroughly evaluated using full-wave EM simulations, encompassing return loss ($>10\ \text{dB}$), high gain, surface current distribution, broadside radiation patterns, and radiation efficiency ($>95 \%$). The results confirm stable radiation characteristics, enhanced bandwidth flexibility, and efficient frequency tunability, making the proposed design a strong candidate for integration into reconfigurable front-end modules for emerging mm-wave communication systems. keywords: {Surface impedance;PIN photodiodes;Millimeter wave technology;Dual band;Switches;Coplanar waveguides;Broadband antennas;Millimeter wave communication;Wideband;Antenna radiation patterns;Coplanar waveguide feed;dual-band;frequency reconfigurable;millimeter wave (mm-wave);wideband},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11426206&isnumber=11425025

R. Sivapriyan, L. Raj, T. Selvi and G. Raj, "Review on Augmented Reality in Civil Engineering Education and Application," 2024 International Conference on Intelligent and Innovative Technologies in Computing, Electrical and Electronics (IITCEE), Bangalore, India, 2024, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/IITCEE59897.2024.10467346.Abstract: Augmented Reality (AR) stands at the forefront of technological advancements, reshaping the way we perceive and interact with our environment. This paper delves deeply into the multifaceted applications of AR, emphasizing its transformative impact on the education sector and engineering disciplines. In education, AR transcends traditional learning paradigms, offering immersive experiences that merge digital content with the tangible world. This fusion not only demystifies complex concepts but also fosters heightened student engagement and tailored learning experiences. Shifting the lens to engineering, especially civil engineering, AR emerges as a game-changer. It provides engineers and architects with tools to visualize prospective structures in their actual environments, enhancing design accuracy and stakeholder communication. On construction sites, AR overlays crucial data, from subterranean utilities to geological specifics, ensuring precision and efficiency. Furthermore, AR’s integration facilitates real-time monitoring, safety training, and public engagement, streamlining processes and minimizing potential errors. As AR continues to evolve, its potential to revolutionize sectors, from education to civil engineering, becomes increasingly evident. This paper underscores the pivotal role of AR in shaping future innovations, emphasizing its capacity to bridge the digital and physical realms seamlessly. keywords: {Training;Technological innovation;Reviews;Education;Real-time systems;Safety;Stakeholders;augmented reality;civil engineering;engineering education;immersive learning},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10467346&isnumber=10467219

T. Chen, W. Li, L. Liu, L. Luo and Y. Li, "Collaborative Optimization for Green Carbon Reduction in New Power Systems: Multi-Entity Interaction Across Research, Standards, and Industry," 2025 9th International Symposium on Multidisciplinary Studies and Innovative Technologies (ISMSIT), Ankara, Turkiye, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ISMSIT67332.2025.11268152.Abstract: This document presents a complete model for maximizing green carbon reduction activities in new power system grid elements through combined efforts of scientific researchers and standard developers with industry participants. For sustainable outcomes technological advancement requires integration with regulatory structures and industrial operation processes. The foundational step involves identifying and visualizing essential carbon reduction entities and their various connections and dependency relationships. The system links scientific data with operational and regulatory requirements by using a single platform that enables collaborative decisions. This model merges network energy pattern analysis alongside carbon emission pattern analysis to help operators identify key locations where emissions reach their peak levels. The system uses adaptive feedback control to integrate newly developed research and evolving regulations while ensuring long-term compatibility and adherence to standards. The proposed method establishes advanced carbon management technology for power grids through collaboration among sectors to deliver novel sustainable results. keywords: {Industries;Biological system modeling;Collaboration;Carbon dioxide;Regulation;Carbon;Sustainable development;Pattern analysis;Standards;Optimization;Green Carbon Reduction;Grid Optimization;Collaborative Framework;Multi-Objective Optimization;Sustainability and Innovation},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11268152&isnumber=11267796

M. Pacher and U. Brinkschulte, "Towards an Artificial DNA for the Use in Dynamic Environments," 2019 IEEE 22nd International Symposium on Real-Time Distributed Computing (ISORC), Valencia, Spain, 2019, pp. 209-212, doi: 10.1109/ISORC.2019.00045.Abstract: In the last decade, bio-inspired techniques like self-organization and emergence have been in the focus of several research projects to deal with the challenge to develop, to configure and to maintain highly distributed and embedded systems. In biology the structure and organization of a system is coded in its DNA, and several dynamic control flows are regulated by the hormone system. We adapted these concepts to embedded systems using an artificial DNA (ADNA) and an artificial hormone system (AHS). Based on these concepts, highly reliable, robust and flexible systems can be created. These properties predestine the ADNA and AHS for the use in future automotive applications. We showed in recent publications several examples for the use of the ADNAI AHS approach dealing with automotive applications running on the processors of a single distributed system of processors. In this contribution, we go one step further and demonstrate how to use the ADNA/AHS approach for applications running on the processors of different distributed systems (like driving cars) of processors which merge and separate at run-time. keywords: {Task analysis;Program processors;Automobiles;DNA;Wheels;Brakes;Vehicle dynamics;Artificial DNA;artificial hormone system;self-organization;automotive;dynamic merger and separation},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8759337&isnumber=8759154

A. C. Nearchou, I. C. Giannikos and A. G. Lagodimos, "Multisite and multishift personnel planning with set-up costs," in IMA Journal of Management Mathematics, vol. 31, no. 1, pp. 5-31, Dec. 2019, doi: 10.1093/imaman/dpy017.
Abstract: Consideration is given to a personnel planning problem occurring in multisite projects. In this problem a set of facilities (different sites) need to complete a given work load over a planning horizon of several days. The workforce is skilled and can work on any facility and it is employed to work on a basis of workday shifts. A fixed set-up cost associated with each facility is incurred each time a facility starts operating. The problem seeks to determine when each facility should be operated as well as the manpower needed at each shift to complete the workload targets of all the facilities within the planning horizon at a minimum cost. First, a formulation of the new problem as a mixed-integer linear programme is given. Then, since the problem is shown to be NP-hard, a novel genetic algorithm (GA) is presented for its solution which incorporates a problem-specific coding together with new special merging rules for creating offspring that exploits the structure of the problem. Using results from the standard CPLEX optimizer we test the performance of the GA for a variety of operating environments. The results demonstrate very satisfactory performance for the GA in terms of both solution time and quality.
keywords: {manpower;staffing;scheduling;shifts;set-ups;heuristics},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9251101&isnumber=9251099


Z. Cheng, A. Chen, Q. Mao, W. Cao, G. Zhang and J. Zheng, "An Effective Fusion Network for BGA Bubbles Segmentation in X-Ray Image," 2022 5th International Conference on Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence (PRAI), Chengdu, China, 2022, pp. 1012-1016, doi: 10.1109/PRAI55851.2022.9904126.Abstract: Automatic segmentation of BGA bubbles is of great significance for industrial defect detection. In recent years, convolutional neural network (CNN) has achieved good performance in the field of image processing and is widely used in defect segmentation tasks. Nevertheless, limited by the local receptive field and inductive bias of CNN, existing methods cannot capture sufficient global dependencies for accurate BGA bubble segmentation. Recently, the methods of combining Transformer and CNN can utilize the advantages of both to achieve full mining of sufficient global information and local information. However, the gap between Transformer representations and CNN representations is often ignored in most existing methods, which leads to the problem of feature conflict. In this paper, we propose a novel Effective Fusion Network to merge the gap between Transformer and CNN and to segment small bubbles and bubbles with blurred boundaries. Specifically, we propose a feature alignment module (FAM) to effectively fuse Transformer features and CNN features to merge the gap between them. Furthermore, a consistency constraint loss function is added to the overall loss function for better information complementarity. The experimental results show that our proposed method can more accurately segment small bubbles and bubbles with blurred boundaries on our own collected BGA bubble dataset. Besides, we have achieved the state-of-the-art results with a Dice of 88.92%, an IoU of 80.52% and a Sensitivity of 90.40% keywords: {Image segmentation;Sensitivity;Fuses;Fitting;Diversity reception;Transformers;Pattern recognition;BGA bubble segmentation;deep learning;transformer;feature alignment},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9904126&isnumber=9904007

A. Belmouhcine, J. Simon, L. Courtrai and S. Lefèvre, "Fully Deep Simple Online Real-time Tracking: Efficient Re-Identification by Attention without Explicit Similarity Learning," 2022 26th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2022, pp. 3522-3528, doi: 10.1109/ICPR56361.2022.9956283.Abstract: Most existing Multi-Object Tracking methods consider detection and re-identification as two distinct steps. As a result, the re-identification cannot leverage object location and is only based on appearance, thus leading to ID merges when dealing with highly similar objects. The few works that combine detection and re-identification still generate an appearance descriptor for similarity computation. However, since the detection task conflicts with the tracking task, the network privileges the former and generates similar descriptors for objects of the same class, especially when class instances have a strong visual similarity. Besides, when using a motion model or a motion prediction recurrent neural network to delimit the search area and overcome the problem of ID merges, the rise of uncertainty occurring when those models are not updated often leads to ID switches. In this paper, we tackle these issues and propose to use the same model for detection and re-identification by leveraging attention between features of two frames. By doing so, the network can make motion predictions without providing any appearance descriptor and without computing any learned similarity, thus eliminating the need for any motion prediction model and making the tracking trainable end-to-end. Our experimental results support our main contributions and show that our fully DeepSORT significantly reduces the number of ID switches and merges, even when using non-class-agnostic non-maximum suppression. Besides, our model is more resistant to variations in time lapses between two images, leading to improved tracking results. keywords: {Resistance;Visualization;Uncertainty;Recurrent neural networks;Tracking;Computational modeling;Predictive models},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9956283&isnumber=9955631

F. Semeraro, J. Carberry and A. Cangelosi, "Towards Multi-User Activity Recognition through Facilitated Training Data and Deep Learning for Human-Robot Collaboration Applications," 2023 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN), Gold Coast, Australia, 2023, pp. 01-09, doi: 10.1109/IJCNN54540.2023.10191782.Abstract: Human-robot interaction (HRI) research is progressively addressing multi-party scenarios, where a robot interacts with more than one human user at the same time. Conversely, research is still at an early stage for human-robot collaboration The use of machine learning techniques to handle such type of collaboration requires data that are less feasible to produce than in a typical HRC setup. This work outlines scenarios of concurrent tasks for non-dyadic HRC applications. Based upon these concepts, this study also proposes an alternative way of gathering data regarding multi-user activity, by collecting data related to single users and merging them in post-processing, to reduce the effort involved in producing recordings of pair settings. To validate this statement, 3D skeleton poses of activity of single users were collected and merged in pairs. After this, such datapoints were used to separately train a long short-term memory (LSTM) network and a variational autoencoder (VAE) composed of spatio-temporal graph convolutional networks (STGCN) to recognise the joint activities of the pairs of people. The results showed that it is possible to make use of data collected in this way for pair HRC settings and get similar performances compared to using training data regarding groups of users recorded under the same settings, relieving from the technical difficulties involved in producing these data. The related code and collected data are publicly available11The code repository is available at: https://github.com/francescosemeraro/Multi_User_through_Single_User.git. The data repository is available at: https://figshare.com/s/64bd023e968e6eb096f3.. keywords: {Training;Deep learning;Three-dimensional displays;Collaboration;Training data;Human-robot interaction;Activity recognition;Skeleton;Task analysis;Long short term memory;multi-user activity recognition;single-user training data;concurrent tasks;multi-party human-robot collaboration;non-dyadic human-robot collaboration;deep learning;long short-term memory;variational auto encoder;spatio-temporal graph convolutional network;transfer learning},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10191782&isnumber=10190992

G. K. Mahalakshmi, B. Prathyusha, T. Kholmukhamedov, S. Padma, S. Umbarkar and R. Saravanakumar, "Deep Learning Framework Using HR-Net for Improving Recruitment and Retention Strategies in HR Management Systems," 2026 8th International Conference on Intelligent Sustainable Systems (ICISS), Tirunelveli, India, 2026, pp. 1210-1215, doi: 10.1109/ICISS67859.2026.11454040.Abstract: HRM systems need to have intelligent analytical frameworks to aid in making good recruitment and staffing decisions. There is a tendency of existing systems to fail to analyze structured employee attributes and unstructured textual feedback in a joint way. In this paper, a hybrid neural network (HR-NET) will be introduced, which is an architecture that combines numerical HR data with semantic information obtained based on text records of employees. The framework uses a dual-path structure called Multi-Layer Perceptron, to structure features, and transformer-based natural language processing model to process unstructured data, which are merged with a fusion layer. The given framework is assessed based on standard classification metrics and compared to the traditional machine learning models. As it has been demonstrated, the experimental outcomes indicate that the HRNET has a total classification accuracy of 99.5 which makes it effective in recruitment and employee attrition prediction challenges. The results indicate that multimodal deep learning models have the potential to increase the use of data to make decisions in contemporary HR management systems. keywords: {Deep learning;Measurement;Semantics;Neural networks;Transformers;Data models;Natural language processing;Numerical models;Standards;Recruitment;Retention;Feature Selection;Data Preprocessing;Deep Learning;Employee Turnover Prediction},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11454040&isnumber=11453502

F. M. Khan and K. Holley-Bockelmann, "Extremely efficient mergers of intermediate-mass black hole binaries in nucleated dwarf galaxies," in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, vol. 508, no. 1, pp. 1174-1188, Aug. 2021, doi: 10.1093/mnras/stab2646.
Abstract: Gravitational waves emitted by merging black holes between ∼104 and 107 M⊙ will be detectable by the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna (LISA) with signal-to-noise ratios of several hundred out to redshift 20. Supermassive black hole (107–1010 M⊙) binary formation, coalescence, and merger within massive galaxies is well-studied. However, intermediate-mass black holes (IMBHs) between ∼104 and 106 M⊙ are hosted by low mass and dwarf galaxies; it is not trivial to extrapolate black hole merger time-scales to this IMBH binary regime, due to the starkly different host galaxy structure, kinematics, and morphology compared to massive galaxy hosts. We perform ultrahigh resolution N-body simulations to study IMBH dynamics in nucleated dwarf galaxies whose structural parameters are obtained from observations of nearby dwarf galaxies. Starting from 50 pc, an IMBH quickly forms a binary. Thereafter, the binary orbit shrinks rapidly due to the high central stellar densities furnished by nuclear star clusters (NSCs). We find high eccentricities (e ∼ 0.4–0.99) in our suite of IMBH binaries, and residual eccentricity may persist to the LISA regime. IMBH merger times are typically a few hundred million years, with a few exceptionally short merger times for high eccentricities. We find that IMBH-stellar encounters originate pre-dominantly from NSCs, if the NSC-to-IMBH binary mass ratio is greater than 10; otherwise, bulge stars contribute significantly. As the IMBH binary ejects stars, however, the NSCs are disrupted. We conclude that comparable-mass IMBHs merge very efficiently in nucleated dwarf galaxies, making them promising LISA sources, as well as a channel for IMBH growth.
keywords: {black hole physics;gravitational waves;methods: numerical;galaxies: kinematics and dynamics;galaxies: nuclei;galaxies: dwarf},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9623856&isnumber=9583958


K. Aizawa et al., "Magmatic fluid pathways in the upper crust: insights from dense magnetotelluric observations around the Kuju Volcanoes, Japan," in Geophysical Journal International, vol. 228, no. 2, pp. 755-772, Sept. 2021, doi: 10.1093/gji/ggab368.
Abstract: Magnetotelluric (MT) observations have revealed subvertical electrical conductors that extend from shallow depths into the mid-crust at various geothermal zones, active volcanoes and active faults worldwide. These deeply rooted subvertical conductors have typically been interpreted to represent entire zones of dedicated fluid transport through the crust. We estimate the high-resolution 3-D crustal resistivity structure below the Kuju Volcanoes, Japan, using dense observations from 153 broad-band MT measurement sites and 40 telluric measurement sites. The resistivity structure highlights subvertical conductors that merge into a deep conductor to the north of the volcanoes, with deep low-frequency earthquakes occurring near the southeastern edge of this subvertical conductor at 10–30 km depth. This deep conductor branches into several subvertical conductors at 2–10 km depth, coinciding with a shallow zone where tectonic earthquakes rarely occur. The surface expressions of active geothermal areas and past volcanic eruptions are all located above the edges of the conductors at 2–6 km depth. Widespread conductive layers exist around the volcanoes above 2 km depth, and their distribution approximately corresponds to a low-gravity-anomaly zone. We discuss the nature of these subvertical conductors, the potential causes of their complex structure and their relationship to local magmatic fluid transport. These subvertical conductors, a shallow clay-rich layer, developed fracture systems and high-strength solidified magma may all contribute to magmatic fluid transport to the surface at the Kuju Volcanoes. In this study, we add the possibility that the edges of these subvertical conductors act as important magmatic fluid pathways.
keywords: {Electrical properties;Japan;Magnetotellurics;Volcano seismology;Calderas;Magma migration and fragmentation},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9623725&isnumber=9623722


P. K. V, J. P. P. M, L. S. Beevi and W. V. Dani, "A Critical Study on Hybrid Computing and Its Current Influences and Future Challenges," 2025 International Conference on Intelligent and Innovative Technologies in Computing, Electrical and Electronics (IITCEE), Bangalore, India, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/IITCEE64140.2025.10915229.Abstract: This research focuses on the evolving field of hybrid computing, which combines traditional computing architectures with advanced computational paradigms like quantum computing, neuromorphic computing, or cloud-edge computing. Hybrid computing involves integrating multiple computing models or systems to leverage their complementary strengths. For example, combining classical computing with quantum or neuromorphic approaches to solve complex problems more efficiently. The goal is to enhance computational power, increase efficiency, and tackle problems that are difficult for traditional computing models alone. Emerging technologies, including quantum computing, machine learning, and AI, are driving the need for hybrid systems. These technologies enable the handling of more complex computations that classical systems struggle with, such as optimization, simulation, and cryptography. The integration of cloud and edge computing is also central to hybrid computing, enabling decentralized computation and processing closer to data sources. Combining different computing paradigms requires seamless communication and integration between systems, which is a significant technical challenge. Main challenging areas are scalability, software and hardware compatibility, energy efficiency and security. There is a need for standard protocols and frameworks to enable smoother integration of various computing systems. New algorithms that can take advantage of hybrid architectures need to be developed. Depend on applications significant advancements in hardware, including quantum processors, neuromorphic chips, and integrated hybrid processors required. The rise of hybrid computing will also bring ethical concerns, such as the impact on jobs, privacy, and inequality in access to advanced technologies. The study concludes by emphasizing the transformative potential of hybrid computing while acknowledging the technical, economic, and societal hurdles that need to be overcome. It highlights that while significant progress is being made, realizing the full potential of hybrid computing will require continued research, collaboration, and innovation across multiple domains. In summary, hybrid computing is poised to revolutionize many fields by merging the strengths of various computational models, but its widespread adoption will require overcoming substantial technical, economic, and regulatory challenges. keywords: {Quantum computing;Program processors;Scalability;Computational modeling;Biological system modeling;Standards organizations;Machine learning;Organizations;Hardware;Optimization;Hybrid Computing;Quantum Computing;Classical Computing;Neuromorphic Computing;Edge Computing;AI and Machine Learning;Parallel Computing;Interoperability;Scalability},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10915229&isnumber=10915211

"Index," in Embedded Artificial Intelligence: Devices, Embedded Systems, and Industrial Applications , River Publishers, 2022, pp.117-118.Abstract: Recent technological developments in sensors, edge computing, connectivity, and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies have accelerated the integration of data analysis based on embedded AI capabilities into resource-constrained, energy-efficient hardware devices for processing information at the network edge. Embedded AI combines embedded machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL or spiking neural network (SNN) algorithms on edge devices and implements edge computing capabilities that enable data processing and analysis without optimised connectivity and integration, allowing users to access data from various sources. Embedded AI efficiently implements edge computing and AI processes on resource-constrained devices to mitigate downtime and service latency, and it successfully merges AI processes as a pivotal component in edge computing and embedded system devices. Embedded AI also enables users to reduce costs, communication, and processing time by assembling data and by supporting user requirements without the need for continuous interaction with physical locations. This book provides an overview of the latest research results and activities in industrial embedded AI technologies and applications, based on close cooperation between three large-scale ECSEL JU projects, AI4DI, ANDANTE, and TEMPO. The book’s content targets researchers, designers, developers, academics, post-graduate students and practitioners seeking recent research on embedded AI. It combines the latest developments in embedded AI, addressing methodologies, tools, and techniques to offer insight into technological trends and their use across different industries.

H. Sun, S. Li, X. Zheng and X. Lu, "Remote Sensing Scene Classification by Gated Bidirectional Network," in IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, vol. 58, no. 1, pp. 82-96, Jan. 2020, doi: 10.1109/TGRS.2019.2931801.
Abstract: Remote sensing (RS) scene classification is a challenging task due to various land covers contained in RS scenes. Recent RS classification methods demonstrate that aggregating the multilayer convolutional features, which are extracted from different hierarchical layers of a convolutional neural network, can effectively improve classification accuracy. However, these methods treat the multilayer convolutional features as equally important and ignore the hierarchical structure of multilayer convolutional features. Multilayer convolutional features not only provide complementary information for classification but also bring some interference information (e.g., redundancy and mutual exclusion). In this paper, a gated bidirectional network is proposed to integrate the hierarchical feature aggregation and the interference information elimination into an end-to-end network. First, the performance of each convolutional feature is quantitatively analyzed and a superior combination of convolutional features is selected. Then, a bidirectional connection is proposed to hierarchically aggregate multilayer convolutional features. Both the top–down direction and the bottom–up direction are considered to aggregate multilayer convolutional features into the semantic-assist feature and appearance-assist feature, respectively, and a gated function is utilized to eliminate interference information in the bidirectional connection. Finally, the semantic-assist feature and appearance-assist feature are merged for classification. The proposed method can compete with the state-of-the-art methods on four RS scene classification data sets (AID, UC-Merced, WHU-RS19, and OPTIMAL-31).
keywords: {Feature extraction;Nonhomogeneous media;Logic gates;Aggregates;Encoding;Interference;Task analysis;Feature aggregation;remote sensing (RS) image;scene classification},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8844315&isnumber=8944190


J. D. Azofeifa, L. Jose Gonzalez-Gomez, V. Rueda-Castro, J. Noguez and P. Caratozzolo, "Revolutionizing Engineering Education Through Future Skills for Workforce Development at INFOCOMM: A Proposal for Multisensory Decision Sessions Application," 2024 IEEE International Conference on Teaching, Assessment and Learning for Engineering (TALE), Bengaluru, India, 2024, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/TALE62452.2024.10834336.Abstract: This paper proposes an innovative application of the Multisensory Virtual Decision-Making Center (MVDC) to revolutionize course and occupational profile structuring decision sessions in the INFOCOMM Technologies sector, aligning with the demands of Industry 4.0. Strategic integration with the innovative web framework ShapingSkills seamlessly incorporates future skills, professional profiles, and dynamic taxonomies based on knowledge, abilities, and capabilities (KSA). Our approach guides decision-makers in navigating the landscape of evolving current occupational roles in search of facilitating the structuring of courses and occupational profiles that adapt to current and future changes within Industry 4.0. The MVDC allows decision-makers to participate in real-time from remote locations, maintaining a sense of presence in collaborative virtual environments. In particular, our methodology uses the ShapingSkills dynamic taxonomic system to structure courses and occupational profiles, tailored to the demands of the Industry 4.0 workforce in the INFOCOMM sector. This work innovatively merges MVDC technology and KSA dynamic taxonomies, improving user experience and decision-making efficiency, offering a transformative solution to plan courses and adapt to the evolution of the INFOCOMM workforce in Industry 4.0. keywords: {Knowledge engineering;Navigation;Taxonomy;Decision making;Collaboration;Virtual environments;User experience;Real-time systems;Fourth Industrial Revolution;Proposals;Collaborative Decision-making;Educational Innovation;Future Skills;Industry 4.0;Lifelong Learning;Multi-modal Interaction;Professional Education;Virtual Reality},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10834336&isnumber=10834287

M. L. Katz, O. R. Cooper, M. W. Coughlin, K. B. Burdge, K. Breivik and S. L. Larson, "GPU-accelerated periodic source identification in large-scale surveys: measuring P and P," in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, vol. 503, no. 2, pp. 2665-2675, Feb. 2021, doi: 10.1093/mnras/stab504.
Abstract: Many inspiraling and merging stellar remnants emit both gravitational and electromagnetic radiation as they orbit or collide. These gravitational wave events together with their associated electromagnetic counterparts provide insight about the nature of the merger, allowing us to further constrain properties of the binary. With the future launch of the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna (LISA), follow-up observations and models are needed of ultracompact binary (UCB) systems. Current and upcoming long baseline time domain surveys will observe many of these UCBs. We present a new fast periodic object search tool capable of searching for generic periodic signals based on the conditional entropy algorithm. This new implementation allows for a grid search over both the period (P) and the time derivative of the period ($\dot{P}$). To demonstrate the usage of this tool, we use a small, hand-picked subset of a UCB population generated from the population synthesis code cosmic, as well as a custom catalogue for varying periods at fixed intrinsic parameters. We simulate light curves as likely to be observed by future time domain surveys by using an existing eclipsing binary light-curve model accounting for the change in orbital period due to gravitational radiation. We find that a search with $\dot{P}$ values is necessary for detecting binaries at orbital periods less than ∼10 min. We also show it is useful in finding and characterizing binaries with longer periods, but at a higher computational cost. Our code is called gce(GPU-accelerated Conditional Entropy). It is available on Github (https://github.com/mikekatz04/gce).
keywords: {gravitational waves;software: data analysis;white dwarfs},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9480865&isnumber=9480672


N. Chen, Y. Zhang, C. Fan, W. Zhao, C. Wang and H. Wang, "DiffusionClusNet: Deep Clustering-Driven Diffusion Models for Ultrasound Image Enhancement," in IEEE Transactions on Consumer Electronics, vol. 71, no. 1, pp. 1495-1503, Feb. 2025, doi: 10.1109/TCE.2025.3540502.
Abstract: In modern medical diagnostics, high-quality ultrasound images are essential because they are cost-effective, non-invasive, and capable of providing dynamic recordings. Nevertheless, obtaining such high-quality images is challenging, especially in resource-limited areas, which negatively impacts diagnostic accuracy. To address these issues, we propose a novel method for enhancing ultrasound images using deep clustering-enhanced diffusion models. Our proposed method consists of two main components: an image enhancement pathway and an Auxiliary Classification Pathway (ACP), which are integrated through a Fusion of Image and Classification (FIC) module. The image enhancement pathway employs a structure that includes a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) encoder, a UNet denoising network, and a VAE decoder. This structure progressively reduces noise and generates high-quality images. Simultaneously, the ACP utilizes a convolutional neural network, a transformer encoder, and a clustering module to extract classification information, which supports the enhancement process. The FIC module uses a cross-attention mechanism to merge the image and classification features, thus enhancing the overall performance of image enhancement. To ensure the generated images retain their structural integrity, Structural Similarity (SSIM) loss is employed. Experiments conducted on multiple ultrasound datasets reveal that our method surpasses existing techniques in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratio and SSIM scores. Clinically, our approach significantly improves image contrast and structural detail, leading to more accurate diagnoses. This diffusion-based strategy for image enhancement and classification feature fusion introduces a fresh perspective on preserving structure and enhancing detail in medical image processing. Our Code is available at https://github.com/ichbincn/Ultrasound-Enhancement.
keywords: {Ultrasonic imaging;Image enhancement;Noise reduction;Diffusion models;Medical diagnostic imaging;Imaging;Accuracy;Decoding;Training;Ultrasound imaging;image enhancement;diffusion model;deep clustering;fusion of image and classification (FIC);structural similarity (SSIM)},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10879338&isnumber=11038962


W. Lan, C. Tong and Y. Gao, "An Ultra Compact RGB LED Driver with Only One Off-Chip Component, 97.25% Peak Efficiency, and Nearly Full-Range Color Gamut Coverage," 2026 IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition (APEC), San Antonio, TX, USA, 2026, pp. 1236-1243, doi: 10.1109/APEC51134.2026.11517094.Abstract: The proliferation of intelligent electric vehicles imposes stringent demands on energy efficiency, integration, and reliability for on-board LED drivers, especially in RGB multi-color applications (e.g., automotive ambient lighting) requiring precise color mixing. Conventional LDO or DC-DC buck-boost solutions cannot simultaneously achieve high efficiency and high integration. This paper presents a highly integrated 3-switch RGB LED driver that requires only one off-chip inductor. Its topology merges DC-DC converter switches with RGB channel control switches, reducing switching losses and enhancing integration. The proposed design ensures robust operation against input voltage variation. An integration-comparison control scheme enables stable regulation of RGB color ratios. The driver maintains high efficiency across a wide color gamut and offers an efficiency–color gamut trade-off, enabling expanded gamut coverage at an acceptable efficiency cost. Fabricated in a 180nm CMOS process, the prototype IC achieves a peak efficiency of 97.25% under 5V input with mixed-color light output, demonstrating its potential for energy-efficient, space-constrained automotive LED applications. keywords: {Light emitting diodes;Color;Voltage;Current;Switches;Inductors;Lighting;Color gamut;Brightness;Topology;Color mixing;color tunable;dc-dc converter;RGB LED driver;off-chip capacitor free;pulsewidth modulation (PWM) dimming},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11517094&isnumber=11516579

Y. Zhao, Q. Li and B. Wen, "Marine Disaster Identification Based on Fusion of Multi-Scale and Inverted Residuals Encoder," 2025 18th International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics (CISP-BMEI), Qingdao, China, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/CISP-BMEI68103.2025.11259180.Abstract: Achieving precise and high-efficiency detection of harmful algal blooms (HABs) serves as a pivotal cornerstone in developing red tide early-warning frameworks. Yet, owing to the striking resemblance in the cellular morphological traits of HABs, prevailing image categorization networks confront considerable hurdles when it comes to the accurate differentiation of such algal blooms. To tackle this predicament, the present research introduces a deep learning framework (FDIR) tailored for marine hazard identification, which hinges on multi-scale feature merging and inverted residual encoders, with the goal of boosting the precision of HABs classification. This framework is structured with a dual-branch design: the first branch is anchored by the inverted residual encoder module, primarily tasked with extracting and depicting the global semantic characteristics of images; the second branch, through the seamless integration of convolutional neural networks and a dual-channel attention mechanism, realizes the accurate acquisition and amplification of critical feature data related to HABs. Contrastive trials were carried out utilizing the public HAB dataset provided by AICO Labs. The outcomes indicate that, in comparison with prevalent classification network frameworks, the FDIR framework reaches a top-tier classification accuracy of 90.22%, and also demonstrates superior competitive capabilities in aspects such as model training duration and convergence efficacy. keywords: {Deep learning;Training;Accuracy;Attention mechanisms;Convolution;Biological system modeling;Feature extraction;Convolutional neural networks;Data mining;Residual neural networks;Deep convolutional neural network;Inverse residual network module;Attention mechanism;Weighted feature fusion},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11259180&isnumber=11259122

L. Jian, R. Rayhana, L. Ma, S. Wu, Z. Liu and H. Jiang, "Infrared and Visible Image Fusion Based on Deep Decomposition Network and Saliency Analysis," in IEEE Transactions on Multimedia, vol. 24, pp. 3314-3326, 2022, doi: 10.1109/TMM.2021.3096088.
Abstract: Traditional image fusion focuses on selecting an effective decomposition approach to extract representative features from the source image and attempts to find appropriate fusion rules to merge extracted features respectively. However, the existing image decomposition tools are mostly based on kernels or global energy-optimized functions limiting the performance of the wide range of image contents. This paper proposes a novel infrared and visible image fusion method based on deep decomposition network and saliency analysis (named DDNSA). First, the modified residual dense network (MRDN) is trained with a publicly available dataset to learn the decomposition process. Second, the structure and texture features of source images are separated by the trained decomposition network. Then, according to the characteristics of the above features, we construct the combination of local and global saliency maps by using stacked sparse autoencoder and visual saliency mechanism to fuse the structural features. Besides, we propose a bi-direction edge-strength fusion strategy for merging the texture features. Finally, the resultant image is reconstructed by combining the fused structure and texture features. The experimental results confirm that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in both visual perception and objective evaluation.
keywords: {Feature extraction;Image fusion;Task analysis;Fuses;Visualization;Image edge detection;Data mining;Bi-direction edge-strength;deep decomposition network;image fusion;stacked sparse autoencoder;visual saliency mechanism},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9479765&isnumber=9687854


M. Savarese, A. d. Blasi, C. Zaccagnino and C. A. Grazia, "P. I. E. N. O.–Petrol-Filling Itinerary Estimation aNd Optimization," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 158094-158102, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3483959.
Abstract: The recent rise of intelligent transportation systems (ITS) has challenged the integration between different data sources. Reaching the goal of sustainable mobility requires properly managing and merging information coming from the vehicle (intra-) and information coming off the vehicle (inter-). In this paper, we provide a proof-of-concept leveraging on data merging between intra- and inter-networking presenting our framework: Petrol-Filling Itinerary Estimation aNd Optimization (PIENO). PIENO is a system that not only automates the search for the best fuel station but also paves the road to significant reductions in fuel consumption, making eco-driving a practical reality from a user perspective. The PIENO framework is designed to be fuel-type independent, ensuring its adaptability to different vehicles and conditions. It achieves this by merging data from the vehicle through a CAN Access Module (CAM) and data outside the vehicle through a mobile application connected to the internet. Different domains are stressed to reach the goal: microcontroller and OEM to retrieve the fuel level from the car, national authorities to retrieve the daily fuel price, AI models to predict the price trend for the next days, and algorithms to compute the best fuel station and the best time to fill. The modularity of PIENO allows it to adapt to different OEMs by modifying the intra-network interface to properly collect the fuel level, as well as to adapt to different markets and countries, retrieving the station’s locations and fuel prices by modifying the inter-network interface.
keywords: {Fuels;Optimization;Estimation;Bridges;Routing;Standards;Routing protocols;Real-time systems;Mobile applications;Market research;Artificial Intelligence;cloud computing;edge computing;intelligent transportation systems;microcontrollers;mobile communication;mobile applications;smart mobility;smart transportation;time series analysis;vehicle-to-everything},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10723269&isnumber=10380310


J. Santillan, E. Curiel, A. Stinskiy and E. de Oliveira, "Centralized Protection in Distribution Substations: Testing Modular Relays with Conventional CT, VT Inputs and Process Bus Architecture," 2026 79th Annual Conference for Protective Relay Engineers (CFPR), College Station, TX, USA, 2026, pp. 1-9, doi: 10.1109/CFPR68913.2026.11511533.Abstract: The increasing demand for electrical energy and the integration of distributed energy resources (DERs) are driving the need for new substation deployments and equipment upgrades to maintain safe and reliable service. Minimizing the physical footprint of distribution substations has become increasingly important and can be achieved through modular design in both primary switchgear and protection and control systems. Modular or centralized protection relays, capable of protecting multiple assets within a single device, represent a key element of this approach.This paper presents a case study on the implementation and testing of Centralized Protection and Control (CPC) relays for a distribution substation. The project was conducted in two phases. The first phase evaluated a CPC relay equipped with nine sets of three-phase CT inputs and one set of VT inputs, configured to protect a 69 kV transformer bank, a medium-voltage busbar, and two 12 kV feeders. The second phase tested relay with process bus capabilities, subscribing to IEC 61850-9-2LE sampled value streams from nine merging units for the same substation configuration.Extensive laboratory testing was performed to assess relay performance under a wide range of abnormal and fault conditions. Relay and Merging Unit equipment from different vendors was included to validate interoperability. Internal relay logic was engineered to comply with well-defined Southern California Edison (SCE) protection standards.Authors discuss a comparative performance assessment between relays with conventional CT/VT inputs and IED receiving IEC 61850-9-2LE SMVs from the Merging Units. The results show that while conventional inputs provide proven reliability, the process bus configuration significantly reduces wiring complexity, improves scalability, and deliver comparable protection performance when proper time synchronization is ensured. keywords: {Protection;Relays;Synchronization;Architecture;Computer architecture;Testing;Substations;Timing;Measurement;Measurement units;Centralized Protection;Sampled Measured Values;Power system protection;Protective relaying},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11511533&isnumber=11511469

G. Chen, T. Gu, J. Lu, J. -A. Bao and J. Zhou, "Person Re-Identification via Attention Pyramid," in IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, vol. 30, pp. 7663-7676, 2021, doi: 10.1109/TIP.2021.3107211.
Abstract: In this paper, we propose an attention pyramid method for person re-identification. Unlike conventional attention-based methods which only learn a global attention map, our attention pyramid exploits the attention regions in a multi-scale manner because human attention varies with different scales. Our attention pyramid imitates the process of human visual perception which tends to notice the foreground person over the cluttered background, and further focus on the specific color of the shirt with close observation. Specifically, we describe our attention pyramid by a “split-attend-merge-stack” principle. We first split the features into multiple local parts and learn the corresponding attentions. Then, we merge local attentions and stack these merged attentions with the residual connection as an attention pyramid. The proposed attention pyramid is a lightweight plug-and-play module that can be applied to off-the-shelf models. We implement our attention pyramid method in two different attention mechanisms including: channel-wise attention and spatial attention. We evaluate our method on four large-scale person re-identification benchmarks including Market-1501, DukeMTMC, CUHK03, and MSMT17. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method, which outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin with limited computationa cost. Code is available at https://github.com/CHENGY12/APNet.
keywords: {Feature extraction;Computational modeling;Computational efficiency;Task analysis;Visualization;Stacking;Person re-identification;attention learning;feature pyramid},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9528019&isnumber=9263394


Z. Chen, X. He, R. Tian and X. Zhang, "Real-time network security situation awareness algorithm for electric power systems based on multi-source heterogeneous data fusion," 4th International Conference on Data Analytics, Computing and Artificial Intelligence (ICDACAI 2025), Zakopane, Poland, 2026, pp. 1058-1063, doi: 10.1049/icp.2026.0365.Abstract: In electric power system (EPS), it is difficult to fuse the security data of multi-source heterogeneous networks, and the real-time situation awareness is not good. Therefore, this article presents a network security situation awareness (NSSA) algorithm based on semantic alignment and lightweight graph neural network. By constructing power security ontology, the semantic unification of multi-source data such as logs, traffic and control messages is achieved. This method uses the improved D-S evidence theory for dynamic weight fusion, and reduces the redundant alarm rate to 634/72 hours, which is nearly 50% higher than the traditional method. On this basis, a hierarchical risk assessment model is designed, and a comprehensive risk index is generated by combining asset importance, threat severity and vulnerability exposure. In the study, knowledge distillation technology is also introduced to compress GNN model, which can ensure the accuracy of 86.9% and the performance of 0.887 AUC, and at the same time control the single reasoning delay within 34.8 ms. The results show that this method is superior to the existing schemes in the ability of compound attack identification and alarm merging efficiency, and has a good engineering application prospect.URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11514517&isnumber=11513940

Y. Wang, H. Cao, K. Chen, D. Zhao and T. Yang, "Handwritten English Recognition Based on CNN and CNN- Head Transformer," 2024 8th International Conference on Electrical, Mechanical and Computer Engineering (ICEMCE), Xi'an, China, 2024, pp. 1857-1862, doi: 10.1109/ICEMCE64157.2024.10862686.Abstract: Traditional handwritten text recognition methods typically rely on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for image classification tasks. However, these methods inadequately capture semantic features, leading to limitations when dealing with long sequence data. To address this issue, this paper proposes a method that combines CNN and Transformer models for handwritten English text recognition. Initially, a CNN is utilized to extract features from the input images, and these feature sequences are then fed into a Transformer encoder with a CNN head. The encoder integrates the functionality of CNNs across multiple attention heads, keeping 2 attention heads unchanged while obtaining value vectors from 6 attention heads of the Transformer. This proposed method effectively captures global semantic information, enhancing the model’s ability to extract local features and potential word information. Additionally, adaptive gated residual connections are applied to merge features from the current layer and sub-layers, improving the model’s capability to capture both local and global features of handwritten English text. A Connectionist Temporal Classification (CTC) decoder is used to decode the features output by the encoder, producing the final recognition results. Experimental simulations using the TAL_OCR_ENG dataset demonstrate that this method effectively recognizes sentences, achieving a recognition accuracy of $\mathbf{9 4. 3 3 \%}$, a character error rate (CER) of 3.31%, and a word error rate (WER) of $\mathbf{1 2. 5 2 \%}$. Compared to traditional methods, this approach shows a significant improvement in accuracy, indicating higher performance in handwritten English text recognition. keywords: {Adaptation models;Handwriting recognition;Head;Accuracy;Text recognition;Computational modeling;Feature extraction;Transformers;Decoding;Convolutional neural networks;CNN;Transformer;Handwritten Recognition;CTC;Gated Residual Connection},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10862686&isnumber=10861903

W. -T. Huang et al., "Designing an Efficient Silicon Photonics System: Direct Integrating Photonic Crystal Surface Emitting Laser With Inverse-Designed Perfect Vertical Grating Coupler for Optimal Optical Communication Applications," in Journal of Lightwave Technology, vol. 43, no. 7, pp. 3338-3347, 1 April1, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JLT.2024.3522087.
Abstract: Silicon photonics, merging silicon-based electronics and photonics, offers a transformative leap in optical technologies by providing high-density, high-speed optical interconnects at reduced costs. Central to this progress is the silicon nitride (Si3N4) waveguide, recognized for its low propagation losses and compatibility with CMOS manufacturing processes, enabling photonic-electronic integration on a single chip. This paper addresses the critical challenge of cost-efficient packaging in silicon photonics through the direct vertical bonding of photonic-crystal surface-emitting lasers (PCSELs) onto Si3N4 grating couplers. PCSELs, known for their high power, coherent vertical emission, and superior beam quality, are optimized here for integration with silicon photonics. This study employs an adjoint shape optimization algorithm to design an inverse-designed vertical grating coupler (VGC) to improve coupling efficiency. Our approach demonstrates significant advancement by achieving a coupling efficiency of 84.4% (−0.74 dB) for the inverse-designed VGC and 75.1% (−1.24 dB) for the combined metagrating and forward-designed grating coupler with direct PCSEL bonding. This efficiency is achieved through meticulous design and optimization of the PCSEL structure, grating coupler parameters, and incorporating a distributed Bragg reflector (DBR) to minimize losses. These findings showcase the potential for high-performance, cost-effective silicon photonic devices, setting a new benchmark for integrated photonic systems. This work presents a holistic and innovative solution, addressing the key challenges in the field and paving the way for future commercialization and broader silicon photonics applications.
keywords: {Silicon photonics;Couplers;Vertical cavity surface emitting lasers;Photonic crystals;Laser beams;Couplings;Gratings;Diffraction;Bonding;Optical surface waves;Grating;metasurfaces;photonic crystals;silicon photonics;and surface-emitting lasers},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10813357&isnumber=10935752


N. Lee, Y. Li, Y. Jiang, Y. Yang and S. -C. Tan, "Circuit-Based Thermal-Mechanical Modeling of Hybrid Solid-State Batteries under Thermal Transients," 2025 IEEE Transportation Electrification Conference and Expo, Asia-Pacific (ITEC Asia-Pacific), Singapore, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ITECAsia-Pacific63742.2025.11344936.Abstract: Hybrid solid-state batteries (HSSBs) merge the high energy density of lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) with the enhanced safety of solid-state designs, offering significant potential for advanced energy storage. However, the absence of a compact thermal-mechanical model tailored for embedded applications limits their integration into systems requiring real-time monitoring and control. This study introduces a novel circuitbased thermal-mechanical model that accurately captures the force response of HSSB cells to abrupt ambient temperature changes. Utilizing a computationally efficient RLC structure driven by the rate of internal temperature change, the model delivers physically interpretable transient and steady-state mechanical responses. Validated against experimental data, it achieves precise force predictions with minimal computational overhead, enabling system-level analysis and control. This framework facilitates the optimized integration of HSSBs in applications such as electric vehicles and grid storage, accelerating their adoption by providing a robust tool for real-time battery management. keywords: {Temperature measurement;Solid modeling;Computational modeling;Force;RLC circuits;Real-time systems;Solid state batteries;Safety;Integrated circuit modeling;Transient analysis;Hybrid solid-state batteries;thermal-mechanical modeling;circuit-based modeling},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11344936&isnumber=11344066

H. N P, M. F. Ghazali, S. B. Z. Abidin, N. M. Mokhtar, V. Chandran and K. Sudhakar, "IoT-Enabled Automated Building Integrated Agrivoltaics (BIAV) : A Symbiotic System for the Built Environment," 2026 Third International Conference on Networking and Communications (ICNWC), Chennai, India, 2026, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/ICNWC68145.2026.11518271.Abstract: The increasing demand for smart sustainable urban buildings urges novice solutions that address the nexus of food, energy and water. Building Integrated Agrivoltaics (BIAV) represents a transformative symbiotic approach, merging photovoltaic energy generation with agricultural production within the built environment. This conceptual paper introduces an IoT-enabled automated BIAV system concept, enhanced through artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) enabling real-time monitoring, adaptive control, and predictive optimization of agrivoltaic operations to maximize energy and food yield by facilitating decentralized energy production, localized food systems, and efficient resource use. The primary objective of the study is to conceptualize an automated BIAV framework where sensors monitor real-time parameters. IoT-enabled sensors collect environmental and operational data such as solar irradiance, soil moisture, crop health, water level, temperature, humidity, nutrient level, and microclimate conditions, which are processed using AI/ML algorithms. AI / ML algorithms process this data for predictive analytics, enabling dynamic adjustments like photovoltaic panel tilting, shading modulation, and automated irrigation through actuators, to optimize irrigation, shading, nutrient delivery, and energy utilization, thereby maximizing energy yield while enhancing crop productivity under partial shading. The study go through BIAV System perspectives and basic principles and typologies like Building Integrated - Agrivoltaics, Rangevoltaics, Aquavoltaics, Algaevoltaics, Seaweedvoltaics and Apivoltaics, then further discussed structural Integration of BIAV on to buildings. BIAV system can be integrated in vertical facades vertical agrivoltaics, rooftop agrivoltaic greenhouses, atrium-integrated Agrivoltaics; and balcony/pergola and sunshade systems for utilizing maximum built-up area and analyzed in terms of spatial adaptability, energy efficiency, and crop compatibility within urban residential and commercial structures. By enabling closed-loop resource flows, rainwater harvesting, including wastewater reuse, bio-waste to biogas conversion and material upcycling this symbiotic BIAV system reduces external resource dependence, lowers carbon emissions, mitigates urban heat islands, enhances resilience, climate adaptability and supports SDG as well as net-zero goals through decentralized, smart and regenerative integration of agriculture, energy and building. keywords: {Buildings;Energy;Internet of Things;Modeling;Crops;Optimization;Image sensors;Artificial intelligence;Printing;Water;BIAV;Agrivoltaics;IoT;Automation;AI/ML},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11518271&isnumber=11517932

M. S. Junayed and M. B. Islam, "Consistent Video Inpainting Using Axial Attention-Based Style Transformer," in IEEE Transactions on Multimedia, vol. 25, pp. 7494-7504, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TMM.2022.3222932.
Abstract: Maintaining spatial and temporal consistency in the inpainted video area of the video is a challenging problem. Recent research focuses on flow information for synthesizing temporally smooth pixels while neglecting semantic structural coherence across the video frames. Thus, it suffers from over-smoothing and shadowy outlines that significantly degrade the inpainted video quality. We propose an end-to-end consistent video inpainting model that will substantially improve the inpainted video region to overcome this problem. The model employs a deep encoder (DE), axial attention block (AAB), style transformer, and decoder to enhance video inpainting with a realistic structure. A deep encoder (DE) encodes features effectively while the axial attention block (AAB) recreates all retrieved attributes by merging recoverable multi-scale characteristics with local spatial structures. Then, a novel-style transformer with the style manipulation block (SMB) fills the missing area with rich visual elements and temporal coherence. We use two publicly available benchmark datasets to assess the model's performance. Experimental results demonstrate that our method performs better than the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. Besides, an extensive ablation study validates the model's performance.
keywords: {Transformers;Decoding;Feature extraction;Cameras;Video sequences;Task analysis;Image restoration;Video Inpainting;Deep Encoder;Axial Attention Block;Transformer;Style Manipulation Block;Relative Positional Encoding},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9954176&isnumber=10016790


L. Liu, X. Su, H. Guo and D. Zhu, "A Transformer-based Medical Visual Question Answering Model," 2022 26th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2022, pp. 1712-1718, doi: 10.1109/ICPR56361.2022.9956469.Abstract: While the Transformer architecture has been widely used in natural language processing tasks and computer vision tasks, its application in medical visual question answering is still limited. Most current methods rely on an image extractor to obtain visual features and a text extractor to capture semantic features, and then a fusion module to merge the information from the two modalities to predict the final result. In contrast, this paper proposes a novel Transformer-based medical vision question answering model, called MQAT, in which an improved Transformer structure is used for feature extraction and modal fusion to achieve better performance. Experimental results demonstrate that our Transformer structure not only ensures the stability of the model performance, but also accelerates its convergence, and the MQAT model outperforms the existing state-of-the-art methods. keywords: {Training;Visualization;Transformers;Feature extraction;Question answering (information retrieval);Stability analysis;Data mining},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9956469&isnumber=9955631

U. Nazir et al., "Improved Flood Mapping for Efficient Policy Design by Fusion of Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2 and Landsat-9 Imagery to Identify Population and Infrastructure Exposed to Floods," IGARSS 2023 - 2023 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium, Pasadena, CA, USA, 2023, pp. 1591-1594, doi: 10.1109/IGARSS52108.2023.10282530.Abstract: A reliable yet inexpensive tool for the estimation of flood water spread is conducive for efficient disaster management. The application of optical and SAR imagery in tandem provides a means of extended availability and enhanced reliability of flood mapping. We propose a methodology to merge these two types of imagery into a common data space and demonstrate its use in the identification of affected populations and infrastructure for the 2022 floods in Pakistan. The merging of optical and SAR data provides us with improved observations in cloud-prone regions; that is then used to gain additional insights into flood mapping applications. The use of open source datasets from WorldPop1 and OSM2 for population and roads respectively makes the exercise globally replicable. The integration of flood maps with spatial data on population and infrastructure facilitates informed policy design. We have shown that within the top five flood-affected districts in Sindh province, Pakistan, the affected population accounts for 31%, while the length of affected roads measures 1410.25 km out of a total of 7537.96 km. keywords: {Surveys;Satellite constellations;Roads;Sociology;Optical imaging;Spatial databases;Satellite images;Optical imagery;SAR imagery;OSM;WorldPop;Flood mapping},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10282530&isnumber=10281399

S. Mertes, D. Schiller, M. Dietz, E. André and F. Lingenfelser, "The AffectToolbox: Affect Analysis for Everyone," 2024 12th International Conference on Affective Computing and Intelligent Interaction (ACII), Glasgow, United Kingdom, 2024, pp. 185-193, doi: 10.1109/ACII63134.2024.00026.Abstract: In the field of affective computing, where research continually advances at a rapid pace, the demand for user-friendly tools has become increasingly apparent. In this paper, we present the AffectToolbox, a novel software system that aims to support researchers in developing affect-sensitive studies and prototypes. The proposed system addresses the challenges posed by existing frameworks, which often require profound programming knowledge and cater primarily to power-users or skilled developers. Aiming to facilitate ease of use, the AffectToolbox requires no programming knowledge and offers its functionality to reliably analyze the affective state of users through an accessible graphical user interface. The architecture encompasses a variety of models for emotion recognition on multiple affective channels and modalities, as well as an elaborate fusion system to merge multi-modal assessments into a unified result. The entire system is open-sourced and will be publicly available to ensure easy integration into more complex applications through a well-structured, Python-based code base - therefore marking a substantial contribution toward advancing affective computing research and fostering a more collaborative and inclusive environment within this interdisciplinary field. keywords: {Affective computing;Emotion recognition;Prototypes;Collaboration;Computer architecture;Programming;Software systems;Reliability;Signal analysis;Graphical user interfaces;Affective Computing;Social Signal Analysis;Open Source;Emotion Recognition;Affect Recognition;Multi-modal Fusion;Pleasure;Valence;Arousal;Dominance},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10970286&isnumber=10970219

K. Guo et al., "Standard Cell Layout Synthesis for Dual-Sided 3D-Stacked Transistors," 2026 31st Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference (ASP-DAC), Lantau, Hong Kong, 2026, pp. 966-972, doi: 10.1109/ASP-DAC66049.2026.11420512.Abstract: As transistor scaling approaches physical limits, the dual-sided 3D-stacked transistor emerges as a promising architecture, featuring back-to-back-stacked N/P transistors and dual-sided interconnects. This unique structure demands novel design solutions, including drain/gate merge for dual-side connectivity and flexible frontside/backside I/O pin assignment. In this paper, we propose a standard cell synthesis framework for dual-sided 3D-stacked transistors comprising SMT-based merge-aware placement that ensures dual-side connectivity via dynamic field drain merge insertion, and SAT-based dual-side routing supporting automated or specified I/O pin assignment. Experimental results show that our flow achieves, on average, 4% reduction in cell area, 4% in via usage, and 7% in M0 metal usage compared to previous 3.5T designs, while efficiently generating all $2^{n}$ pin assignment variants for each cell. The support for multi-row placement and FDM insertion in our flow allows it to identify layouts surpassing manual designs, such as an AOI22xp5 variant with 6.3% better performance and $\mathbf{4. 3 \%}$ lower power than manual designs. At the chip level, our generated library with all $2^{n}$ pin assignment variants can further reduce wirelength by 10% and eliminate DS-nets. These show the effectiveness and flexibility of our framework for advanced dual-sided 3D-stacked transistor cell design. keywords: {Microprocessors;Layout;Computer architecture;Manuals;Routing;Libraries;Pins;Transistors;Frequency division multiplexing;Standards;standard cell;layout synthesis;transistor-level placement and routing},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11420512&isnumber=11420229

G. Yu, Y. Yang, Y. Yan, M. Guo, X. Zhang and J. Wang, "DeepIDA: Predicting Isoform-Disease Associations by Data Fusion and Deep Neural Networks," in IEEE/ACM Transactions on Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, vol. 19, no. 4, pp. 2166-2176, 1 July-Aug. 2022, doi: 10.1109/TCBB.2021.3058801.
Abstract: Alternative splicing produces different isoforms from the same gene locus, it is an important mechanism for regulating gene expression and proteome diversity. Although the prediction of gene(ncRNA)-disease associations has been extensively studied, few (or no) computational solutions have been proposed for the prediction of isoform-disease association (IDA) at a large scale, mainly due to the lack of disease annotations of isoforms. However, increasing evidences confirm the associations between diseases and isoforms, which can more precisely uncover the pathology of complex diseases. Therefore, it is highly desirable to predict IDAs. To bridge this gap, we propose a deep neural network based solution (DeepIDA) to fuse multi-type genomics and transcriptomics data to predict IDAs. Particularly, DeepIDA uses gene-isoform relations to dispatch gene-disease associations to isoforms. In addition, it utilizes two DNN sub-networks with different structures to capture nucleotide and expression features of isoforms, Gene Ontology data and miRNA target data, respectively. After that, these two sub-networks are merged in a dense layer to predict IDAs. The experimental results on public datasets show that DeepIDA can effectively predict IDAs with AUPRC (area under the precision-recall curve) of 0.9141, macro F-measure of 0.9155, G-mean of 0.9278 and balanced accuracy of 0.9303 across 732 diseases, which are much higher than those of competitive methods. Further study on sixteen isoform-disease association cases again corroborates the superiority of DeepIDA. The code of DeepIDA is available at http://mlda.swu.edu.cn/codes.php?name=DeepIDA.
keywords: {Diseases;Splicing;Annotations;Proteins;Pathology;Feature extraction;Data models;Isoform-disease associations;alternative splicing;deep neural networks;data fusion;class imbalance},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9353272&isnumber=9852343


W. A. Wani, K. Ramaswamy, B. H. Venkataraman and S. Kundu, "Influence of Transition Metal Ion Doping on Structural and Dielectric Properties of Sol-gel Synthesized Bismuth Ferrite Nanoceramics," 2019 IEEE International Symposium on Applications of Ferroelectrics (ISAF), Lausanne, Switzerland, 2019, pp. 1-3, doi: 10.1109/ISAF43169.2019.9034952.Abstract: Bismuth layered ferroelectric materials are promising candidates for sensors, actuators and nonvolatile random access memory devices. In addition to these potential candidates, a rhombohedrally distorted perovskite structured bismuth ferrite (BFO) material with space group R3c has also been well recognized owing to the coexistence of ferroelectric and antiferromagnetic properties which are advantageous in high density FeRAM devices. The main recede of the BFO material is low electrical resistivity attributed to the valence fluctuations of Fe ions (Fe3+ to Fe2+) that hampers the magnitude of remnant magnetization at 300K. In order to enhance the physical properties and also to prevent impurity phases during the processing of bismuth ferrite compound, chemical substitution of transition metal ion (Mn) on to Fe site in the crystal lattice of BFO is very essential in order to suit this material especially for memory devices. In the present work, a series of BiMnxFe1-xO3(x = 0, 0.03, 0.05 and 0.10) ceramics were synthesized via low temperature sol-gel route and subsequently the structural, microstructural, optical and dielectric properties were carried out on these samples by using X-ray diffractometer (XRD), scanning electron microscope (SEM), Fourier transform infrared spectrometer (FTIR) and LCR meter respectively. The Bragg peaks in the XRD patterns confirmed the monophasic perovskite BFO structure in all the compositions and merging of (104) and (110) peaks indicate the structural modification which could be attributed to the ionic radii difference of Mn and Fe. The SEM micrographs revealed the existence of nanosized granular shaped grains with negligible porosity and also there is a gradual reduction in the granular size with increase in Mn-doping concentration. The FTIR spectral analysis of these nanoceramic samples showed the strong absorption bands in the wavenumber range of 450-600cm-1 which corroborated the perovskite structure of BFO material. Interestingly, the dielectric constant measured in the frequency range of 20Hz - 1MHz at 300K is higher for Mn doped ceramics than undoped BFO samples. A low frequency dielectric dispersion is evident in the frequency dependence plot of the dielectric constant of these samples. keywords: {Manganese;Ceramics;Bismuth;Ferrites;Ions;Dielectrics;X-ray scattering;Multiferroics;Bismuth Ferrite;Leakage Current;Dielectric Properties},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9034952&isnumber=9034926

Q. Liu, H. Liu, J. Wei and Y. Ji, "An Attributed Graph Clustering Approach Based on Nearest Neighbor Graph," 2023 China Automation Congress (CAC), Chongqing, China, 2023, pp. 950-954, doi: 10.1109/CAC59555.2023.10450477.Abstract: The traditional attribute graph clustering approaches suffer from low computation efficiency and poor accuracy problems. How to design a general attribute graph cluster method, which leverages both the attribute and structure characteristics, has become a new challenge. This paper proposes an attribute graph clustering algorithm based on $k$ Nearest Neighbor(kNN) graph, called KAGC, which leverages both the traditional structured graph clustering method SCAN and kNN graph. KAGC performs a three-step fusion. Firstly, KAGC constructs a weighted graph based on the mixed similarity of attribute and structure, then clusters the nodes based on high similarity edges in DFS order, and finally merges the small clusters by joint strength. Experimental results demonstrate that the KAGC can effectively cluster the attribute graph and better balance the attribute and structural information of nodes. keywords: {Automation;Clustering methods;Clustering algorithms;Focusing;Transforms;Graph neural networks;Computational efficiency;Graph clustering;kNN graph;Attributed graph;SCAN},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10450477&isnumber=10449968

Y. Hu et al., "WebExpert: Domain-Aware Web Agents with Critic-Guided Expert Experience for High-Precision Search," ICASSP 2026 - 2026 IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP), Barcelona, Spain, 2026, pp. 16812-16816, doi: 10.1109/ICASSP55912.2026.11462829.Abstract: Specialized web tasks in finance, biomedicine, and pharmaceuticals remain challenging due to missing domain priors: queries drift, evidence is noisy, and reasoning is brittle. We present WebExpert, a domain-aware web agent that we implement end-to-end, featuring: (i) sentence-level experience retrieval with topic merging and rule distillation, (ii) schema-light facet induction that bootstraps time/region/policy/industry facets from weak supervision instead of static hand-written lexicons, and (iii) preference-optimized planning that jointly improves query planning and retrieval via pairwise preference learning alongside a coverage-aware objective. At inference, a lightweight experience gate biases decoding toward active facets with fallback under low-retrieval confidence. On GAIA, GPQA, HLE, and WebWalkerQA, WebExpert improves Answer Exact Match (EM) by 1.5–3.6 pp over the strongest browsing baseline and reduces page hops. Analysis shows consistent gains and ablations on retrieval, topic merging, facet induction, and preference-aware training. Our code is available at https://github.com/huyuelin/WebExpert. keywords: {Feeds;Filtering;Filters;Circuits and systems;Protocols;Communication systems;HTTP;Internet;High frequency;Message services;Web agents;information retrieval;domain adaptation;retrieval-augmented generation;supervised fine-tuning},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11462829&isnumber=11460314

N. Mahfuz and P. C. Shill, "Faulty Classes Prediction in Object-Oriented Programming Using Composed Dagging Technique," 2023 International Conference on Electrical, Computer and Communication Engineering (ECCE), Chittagong, Bangladesh, 2023, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ECCE57851.2023.10101655.Abstract: Class is one of the fundamental concepts of the object-oriented paradigm and has been scrutinized since the developers moved on from procedural programming design. In software fault prediction, the legalization of software metrics is essential. As a handful of software metrics suites exist, it is a very hard task to predict the defective classes flawlessly using a particular set of metrics suites. However, it is a rational approach to use only the object-oriented metrics that are directly relatable to the class definitions in the code that helps the developers foresee the errors in defining the classes and minimize the errors as much as possible. This paper utilized twelve object-oriented metrics selected from various metrics suites. The dagging ensemble model is merged with three well-known classification algorithms (Naive Bayes, Multilayer Perceptron, J48 Decision Tree) individually and applied to twelve java projects. The study depicts that the proposed ensemble method gives improved outcomes that are statistically significant when merged with Naive Bayes and Multilayer Perceptron. The proposed ensemble method shows improvements up to 12.5% in accuracy and 15% in F-Score. keywords: {Measurement;Software metrics;Object oriented modeling;Multilayer perceptrons;Predictive models;Software;Classification algorithms;object-oriented (OO);class;composed dagging technique;classification},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10101655&isnumber=10100742

X. Wei, J. Deng, S. Xu, Z. Duan and Q. Fan, "Fast Recognition of Infrared Targets Based on CNN," 2019 3rd International Conference on Electronic Information Technology and Computer Engineering (EITCE), Xiamen, China, 2019, pp. 909-914, doi: 10.1109/EITCE47263.2019.9094956.Abstract: Deep learning is a problem in the field of infrared target detection. The main reason is that infrared data has less information. Therefore, traditional detection algorithms have lower detection speed and detection accuracy. In this paper, we mainly propose a fast detection algorithm based on YOLOv3. Due to the real-time nature of YOLOv3 needs to be improved, we merged the improved Mobilenetv2 and YOLOv3 to get a new network structure. Experiments on the standard target detection data set show that the network parameters of the new network are only 30% of the original network, and the detection speed is increased by 3 times. At the same time, the mAP is also improved. Through the experiments on the infrared dataset, we get the following test results: the detection speed of the new constructed network structure can reach 11ms/f, and in good weather conditions, mAP can also reach 76%. This indicates that the network structure proposed in this paper can achieve better results in the fast recognition of infrared. keywords: {Feature extraction;Convolution;Object detection;Classification algorithms;Prediction algorithms;Training;Real-time systems;Deep learning;Infrared target;YOLOv3;Fast target detection},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9094956&isnumber=9094765

B. Krishna and V. Karthikeyan, "Active Switched-Inductor Network Step-Up DC–DC Converter With Wide Range of Voltage-Gain at the Lower Range of Duty Cycles," in IEEE Journal of Emerging and Selected Topics in Industrial Electronics, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 431-441, Oct. 2021, doi: 10.1109/JESTIE.2021.3097943.
Abstract: In many emerging applications, a dc–dc converter with a wide range of voltage conversion is necessary to equalize the output voltage level from various low voltage sources. To meet this purpose, as well as to reduce the number of power conversion stages in high step-up operation, a wide range of voltage gain dc–dc converter is proposed in this article. This converter is structured as an optimized integration of active switched-inductor configuration, and ladder-type voltage multiplier is merged with the regenerative-boost arrangement. Thereby, due to such an organization of structure, the proposed converter is developed the extremely high voltage-gain with comparatively fewer components. It has the advantages of clamped the input peak current, and higher voltage gain can be achieved at lower duty-ratios. This article describes the comprehensive steady-state analysis and performance characteristics in detail. Moreover, a detailed comparative performance analysis is carried out with existing recent literature. Finally, to validate the theoretical analysis and test feasibility and suitability of the proposed dc–dc converter, experimental results were observed using a 300 W fabricated prototype model.
keywords: {Topology;Switches;Inductors;DC-DC power converters;High-voltage techniques;Industrial electronics;Steady-state;High-gain;regenerative–boost;switched-capacitor (SC);switched-inductor},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9490327&isnumber=9546925


L. Zhang, J. Luo, Y. Huang, F. Wu, X. Cui and Z. Peng, "MDIGCNet: Multidirectional Information-Guided Contextual Network for Infrared Small Target Detection," in IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing, vol. 18, pp. 2063-2076, 2025, doi: 10.1109/JSTARS.2024.3508255.
Abstract: Infrared small target detection (ISTD) technology has extensive applications in the military field. Due to the quality of imaging equipment and environmental interference, infrared small target images lack texture and structural information. Deep learning-based algorithms have achieved superior accuracy in this field compared to traditional algorithms; however, these methods are often not designed with domain knowledge integration. In this article, we propose a multidirectional information-guided contextual network (MDIGCNet) for ISTD. The primary structure of this network adopts the U-Net architecture. To address the issue of lacking texture and structural information in the target images, we employ an integrated differential convolution (IDConv) module to extract richer image features during both the encoding and decoding stages. Skip connections in the network utilize a multidirectional gradient information extraction block (MGIEB) to obtain gradient features of infrared small targets. Our domain-inspired multidirectional Gaussian differential convolution (MGDC) module is employed to extract features of Gaussian-distributed small targets, enhancing the distinction between targets and backgrounds. Additionally, we designed a local-global feature fusion (LGFF) module incorporating an attention mechanism to merge shallow and deep features, thereby improving the efficiency of feature utilization within the model. Furthermore, since both IDConv and MGDC are parallel multiconvolutional kernel structures, reparameterization techniques are used to avoid excessive parameters and computational load. Experimental results on public datasets NUDT-SIRST, IRSTD-1k, and SIRST-Aug demonstrate that our algorithm outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in detection performance.
keywords: {Feature extraction;Convolution;Kernel;Object detection;Optimization;Convolutional neural networks;Accuracy;Computational complexity;Difference convolution;infrared small target detection (ISTD);multidirectional gradient information extraction;reparameterization},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10770559&isnumber=10766875


S. Ma, H. Yu, Q. J. Gu and J. Ren, "A 5–10-Gb/s 12.5-mW Source Synchronous I/O Interface With 3-D Flip Chip Package," in IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems I: Regular Papers, vol. 66, no. 2, pp. 555-568, Feb. 2019, doi: 10.1109/TCSI.2018.2867623.
Abstract: This paper presents an energy-efficient I/O interface with a 3-D flip chip package. The I/O interface is composed of a transmitter and a receiver. The transmitter consists of a pseudo-random bit sequence generator and an output buffer. The receiver employs a full-rate forwarded-clock structure that is composed of a novel current-domain equalizing sampler with a 10 Gb/s sampling rate for data recovery and a low-power clock recovery circuit with dual-injection-locked oscillators. The proposed sampler utilizes a current sampling structure and merges a shunt-peaked amplifier with 20-GHz bandwidth for data recovery. Meanwhile, clock recovery implements a phase interpolator achieving phase deskew larger than one data unit interval. A 3-D flip chip package with silicon substrate is utilized for multiple I/O channels integration. The chip was fabricated in a 65-nm CMOS process in an area of 0.42 mm2. The measurement results show that the I/O interface can realize a 5-10-Gb/s data rate with bit error rate less than 10-12 across 5-mm redistribution layers in a silicon substrate whose loss is 3~4 dB at Nyquist bandwidth.
keywords: {Clocks;Receivers;Jitter;Bandwidth;Three-dimensional displays;Phase locked loops;Transmitters;Forwarded-clock receiver;injection locked oscillator (ILO);phase interpolator;pseudo-random bit sequence (PRBS);source synchronous interface;3D flip chip package},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8472281&isnumber=8620440


A. Issa, N. Kandil, N. Hakem, P. Fortier and A. Hamou-Lhadj, "Evaluation of a GAN-Based Method for Anomaly Detection in Open RAN Based on Experimental 5G Data," 2025 Sixth International Conference on Advances in Computational Tools for Engineering Applications (ACTEA), Zouk Mosbeh, Lebanon, 2025, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ACTEA66485.2025.11189958.Abstract: Open RAN introduces substantial flexibility and openness to radio access networks, offering significant advantages while simultaneously increasing vulnerability to complex anomalies and security threats. Although a range of anomaly detection methods exists for other domains, few have been systematically assessed in the context of Open RAN.In this paper, we adapt, employ and analyze a generative adversary network (GAN) model originally designed for unsupervised anomaly detection in multivariate time series data, applying it to the Open RAN domain, using a publicly available experimental 5G data set collected from the OpenIreland 5G testbed. We demonstrate how the GAN model combines a generative approach, using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks for reconstruction, with a discriminative approach, also based on LSTM, for classification. This integration enables the model to effectively capture complex temporal correlations within the key performance indicators (KPIs) of Open RAN. This method yields an anomaly score, which merges reconstruction error with the discriminator’s output to identify anomalies in real-time.Our findings demonstrate that GAN achieves good accuracy in detecting malicious activities, showcasing good precision and recall performance. Furthermore, we discuss practical considerations for deploying GAN as a security xApp within the near-real-time RAN Intelligent Controller (RIC), addressing aspects such as latency, scalability, and integration with the O-RAN architecture.To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to apply GAN-based anomaly detection on the publicly available dataset from the OpenIreland 5G testbed. keywords: {Adaptation models;5G mobile communication;Scalability;Time series analysis;Key performance indicator;Open RAN;Generative adversarial networks;Security;Anomaly detection;Long short term memory;Open RAN;MAD-GAN;Anomaly Detection;Time-Series;LSTM;Multivariate Data;Mobile Networks;IDS;xApp;RIC},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11189958&isnumber=11189899

S. W. Haidar and A. Dev Mishra, "A Study on Personalized Interaction in Smart Environments with LLM-Driven IoT Systems," 2025 3rd International Conference on IoT, Communication and Automation Technology (ICICAT), Gorakhpur, India, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ICICAT68430.2025.11414521.Abstract: This study aims to enhance human-centric interactions in smart spaces through the integration of the Internet of Things (IoT) with Large Language Model (LLM). The approach fuses reinforcement learning, natural language processing and optimization to infer user intents from commands that operate on the IoT devices by trading off energy with delay. The accuracy, threshold accuracy, recall and F1 score on the test is 0.66, 0.75, 0.66, and.68, respectively, which means that the model is already performing reasonably well with a bit of loss in terms of recall. The confusion matrix analysis highlights reasonable classification in some categories, as well as a substantial optimization on the basis of misclassifications. The merging of reinforcement learning reveals agility and fast coalesce of the energy-latency comparisons, indicating online deploy ability. These findings indicate that LLM-based IoT systems can be tailored to personalized circumstances. Other prospective goals of this research are media input integration and better real-time adaptivity in order to be more encompassing and adaptable ecosystems. keywords: {Accuracy;Large language models;Training data;Reinforcement learning;Natural language processing;Stability analysis;Internet of Things;Smart spaces;Optimization;Synthetic data;Human-Centric IoT;Large Language Models;Reinforcement Learning;Smart Environments;Command-to-Action Mapping;Natural Language Processing},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11414521&isnumber=11414456

N. Ghefira and R. Tjahyadi, "Artificial Intelligence in Internal Disease Diagnosis: a Systematic Literature Review," 2025 International Conference on Informatics, Multimedia, Cyber and Information System (ICIMCIS), Jakarta, Indonesia, 2025, pp. 1207-1213, doi: 10.1109/ICIMCIS68501.2025.11327304.Abstract: Artificial Intelligence (AI) has gained popularity for diagnosing internal diseases; however, existing research reveals a wide variation in model design, data quality, and clinical applicability. This systematic review identifies the technical components essential for effective AI diagnostic systems and examines the challenges limiting their adoption. A structured search adhering to PRISMA and Kitchenham guidelines, utilizing the terms "Artificial" AND "Intelligence" AND "Internal" AND "Disease" AND "Diagnosis," yielded 217 studies published from 2021 to mid-2025; 25 studies met all inclusion criteria and were subjected to quality assessment. The results indicate that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and other deep learning models achieved the highest AUC performance (0.93–0.996) in imaging tasks, whereas transformer-based and multimodal architectures dominated in merged imaging–clinical contexts. Classical machine-learning models, such as Random Forest (RF) and Support Vector Machine (SVM), have proven effective with structured Electronic Health Records (EHRs) data, yet they have shown limited generalization capabilities. Regional variations were apparent: Asian studies showed higher internal AUC values, while European and North American studies focused on compatibility, explainability, and external validation. Three components are essential for effective AI deployment: a reliable data infrastructure, an appropriate algorithmic design, and integration with clinical systems such as EHRs and PACS. Current challenges, such as insufficient dataset diversity, misaligned workflows, and changing regulatory and privacy requirements, underscore the need for system-level engineering. This review presents essential technical considerations for developing scalable and clinically reliable AI tools, emphasizing future research priorities such as multimodal benchmarking and cross-site evaluation frameworks.. keywords: {Support vector machines;Data privacy;Accuracy;Data integrity;Data models;Picture archiving and communication systems;Medical diagnosis;Artificial intelligence;Systematic literature review;Diseases;Artificial Intelligence;Disease Diagnosis;Healthcare;Machine Learning;Systematic Review},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11327304&isnumber=11326904

K. Divyadharshini, R. Harithra, R. Suvetha and S. Alagu, "Hybrid Ensemble Methods for Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Diagnosis: Integrating CNN Features with Artificial Rabbits Optimization Algorithm," 2025 Eleventh International Conference on Bio Signals, Images, and Instrumentation (ICBSII), Chennai, India, 2025, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/ICBSII65145.2025.11012924.Abstract: Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) is a rapidly advancing blood cancer that necessitates timely and accurate diagnosis for effective treatment. This project presents a hybrid approach for ALL classification by utilizing advanced methods for feature extraction and integration. The DenseNet121, ResNet101 and MobileNet models are employed to extract various features from microscopic blood smear images. Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is used to select the most relevant features, which are then combined using advanced integration techniques to merge complementary information. To further improve the performance of the integrated features, the Artificial Rabbits Optimization (ARO) algorithm is applied to refine the feature set by selecting the most discriminative attributes. The optimized feature set is then passed through Random Forest (RF) and XGBoost classifiers, resulting in precise and reliable predictions. This hybrid framework achieves a classification accuracy of 0.96, demonstrating its potential for accurate detection and differentiation of ALL cells from healthy cells. keywords: {Rabbits;Accuracy;Leukemia;Feature extraction;Prediction algorithms;Classification algorithms;Convolutional neural networks;Optimization;Blood;Principal component analysis;Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia;Convolutional Neural Networks;Artificial Rabbits Optimization;Feature Optimization;DenseNet121;ResNet101;MobileNet;Random Forest;XGBoost classifier},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11012924&isnumber=11012923

C. Jiang and F. Qin, "Research on the Application of Efficient Parallel Algorithm in Large-Scale Data Processing," 2025 International Conference on Electrical Drives, Power Electronics & Engineering (EDPEE), Athens, Greece, 2025, pp. 804-809, doi: 10.1109/EDPEE65754.2025.00145.Abstract: Traditional data mining methods are inefficient in dealing with huge and diverse data, and it is difficult to meet the requirements of real-time and accuracy. Parallel algorithm significantly improves the efficiency of data processing by using computing resources such as multi-core processors and distributed systems. This paper analyzes the principle, design method and application scenario of parallel algorithm, and pays attention to its performance optimization and integration innovation with other technologies. The research focuses on parallel clustering algorithm and parallel association rule mining algorithm, which effectively solve the computing bottleneck problem in big data mining by decomposing tasks, parallel execution and merging results. In addition, this paper also discusses the application examples of parallel algorithm in social network analysis and supermarket shopping data analysis, and shows the advantages of parallel algorithm in improving computing efficiency, reducing memory requirements and enhancing scalability. Finally, this paper discusses the integration of parallel algorithm with deep learning training and distributed optimization technology, and the application of these technologies in deep learning framework, which provides new ideas and tools for the development of big data mining technology. Through this study, we can provide valuable reference for researchers and practitioners in the field of big data mining, promote the progress of related technologies, and provide more efficient and accurate data support for smart city construction, business intelligence, medical health, scientific research and other fields. keywords: {Deep learning;Training;Accuracy;Multicore processing;Scalability;Clustering algorithms;Big Data;Real-time systems;Association rule learning;Parallel algorithms;parallel algorithm;large-scale data processing;data mining;parallel clustering;parallel association rule mining},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11069192&isnumber=11068951

"6. Meeting the Latency and Energy Constraints on Timingcritical Edge-AI Systems," in Embedded Artificial Intelligence: Devices, Embedded Systems, and Industrial Applications , River Publishers, 2022, pp.61-68.Abstract: Recent technological developments in sensors, edge computing, connectivity, and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies have accelerated the integration of data analysis based on embedded AI capabilities into resource-constrained, energy-efficient hardware devices for processing information at the network edge. Embedded AI combines embedded machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL or spiking neural network (SNN) algorithms on edge devices and implements edge computing capabilities that enable data processing and analysis without optimised connectivity and integration, allowing users to access data from various sources. Embedded AI efficiently implements edge computing and AI processes on resource-constrained devices to mitigate downtime and service latency, and it successfully merges AI processes as a pivotal component in edge computing and embedded system devices. Embedded AI also enables users to reduce costs, communication, and processing time by assembling data and by supporting user requirements without the need for continuous interaction with physical locations. This book provides an overview of the latest research results and activities in industrial embedded AI technologies and applications, based on close cooperation between three large-scale ECSEL JU projects, AI4DI, ANDANTE, and TEMPO. The book’s content targets researchers, designers, developers, academics, post-graduate students and practitioners seeking recent research on embedded AI. It combines the latest developments in embedded AI, addressing methodologies, tools, and techniques to offer insight into technological trends and their use across different industries.

M. Sternad, A. Vitrenko and C. Madritsch, "Automated Sorting System: An Industry 5.0 Online Lab Education Demonstrator Using Plcnext, IIoT and AI Technology," 2025 IEEE Global Engineering Education Conference (EDUCON), London, United Kingdom, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/EDUCON62633.2025.11016380.Abstract: The integration of human-centric Industry 5.0 principles into education requires innovative teaching tools to bridge theoretical knowledge and real-world applications. This paper presents the development of an advanced educational demonstrator: an automated sorting system that incorporates cuttingedge technologies, including Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs), Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) frameworks, and AIbased optical inspection methods. Emphasizing modular design, this system combines 3D printing, precision cutting, and robust software integration to create a scalable, cost-effective learning environment. By merging classical and AI-driven computer vision techniques, students gain hands-on experience in sensor interfacing, real-time data communication, and human-machine interaction through an intuitive Human-Machine Interface (HMI). The demonstrator not only aligns with Industry 5.0's focus on sustainability and adaptability but also enhances critical thinking, collaboration, and practical skills, preparing students to meet the demands of modern industrial innovation. keywords: {Technological innovation;Collaboration;Three-dimensional printing;Optical sensors;Fifth Industrial Revolution;Engineering education;Sustainable development;Artificial intelligence;Industrial Internet of Things;Sorting;Industry 5.0;IIoT;Image Processing;AI;Edge Computing;Cyber Physical System},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11016380&isnumber=11016287

F. Xia and Q. Peng, "Research on Bus-Aggregated Distributed Photovoltaic Power Prediction Technology Based on Intelligent Algorithms," 2025 6th International Conference on Energy Power and Automation Engineering (ICEPAE), Zhengzhou, China, 2025, pp. 290-293, doi: 10.1109/ICEPAE66132.2025.11275723.Abstract: This study investigates bus-aggregated distributed PV power prediction technology employing intelligent algorithms to mitigate grid integration challenges from PV intermittency and variability, driven by meteorological factors. The proposed framework integrates algorithms like MLP, SVR, GBRT, LightGBM, and Transformer, combined with a phased clustering method using output characteristics for PV site partitioning and aggregation. Case study validation highlights Transformer's excellence, utilizing self-attention to capture spatiotemporal dependencies and dynamic variations, yielding superior accuracy and adaptability over alternatives. By innovatively merging dynamic clustering with advanced AI, this research enhances grid reliability, supports renewable energy integration, and offers key value for intelligent monitoring in new energy systems. keywords: {Photovoltaic systems;Measurement;Accuracy;Heuristic algorithms;Clustering algorithms;Prediction algorithms;Transformers;Spatiotemporal phenomena;Partitioning algorithms;Reliability;intelligent algorithms;photovoltaic forecasting;dynamic clustering;aggregation analysis;performance metrics},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11275723&isnumber=11275708

J. Roy, S. P. Mila and M. T. Ahammed, "Intelligent Shopping Soft Assistant: A Digital Solution for Collaborative and Efficient Shopping," 2025 International Conference on Quantum Photonics, Artificial Intelligence, and Networking (QPAIN), Rangpur, Bangladesh, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/QPAIN66474.2025.11172143.Abstract: The Intelligent Shopping Soft Assistant (ISSA) is a web-based platform that transforms shopping by merging digital convenience with offline flexibility. a web-based platform designed to modernize shopping experiences by integrating collaborative digital lists, real-time price synchronization, and hybrid support for both online and offline stores. Traditional shopping methods suffer from static lists and fragmented seller-customer communication’ while existing e-commerce platforms often neglect local store integration. ISSA addresses these gaps by enabling users to create, share, and manage dynamic shopping lists with real-time price updates from sellers. Built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL, ISSA reduces shopping time by 85percent(based on user trials), enhances collaboration for group procurement, and provides business analytics for local vendors. Challenges included EDI integration and data privacy assurance. Future work will expand location-based seller recommendations and automated billing. keywords: {Procurement;Data privacy;Collaboration;Transforms;Aerodynamics;Real-time systems;Electronic commerce;Synchronization;Business;Testing;Intelligent Shopping;Digital;Web-based Platform;E-commerce;Data Privacy},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11172143&isnumber=11170479

W. Bin et al., "Key Technology Research of Satellite-Ground Intergrated Design on Optical Remote Sensing Satellite," 2024 IEEE International Conference on Control Science and Systems Engineering (ICCSSE), Beijing, China, 2024, pp. 475-479, doi: 10.1109/ICCSSE63803.2024.10823720.Abstract: With the advancement of satellite technology, satellite manufacturing has evolved from being merely functional to being efficient and user-friendly. Designing satellites from the perspective of satellite-ground integration is a sophisticated approach to achieve efficiency and usability. This article summarizes several key technologies that require integrated satellite-ground design, based on the development experience of multiple optical remote sensing satellites. Foremost, the core indicator of satellite-ground integrated design is the accuracy of uncontrolled positioning. By analyzing the error chain, it is necessary to strictly control the orbit measurement error, star sensor attitude determination error, time synchronization error, and camera optical axis determination error throughout the satellite manufacturing process to ensure that the final uncontrolled positioning accuracy meets the requirements. Additionally, this article proposes suggestions for improving uncontrolled positioning accuracy both on the satellite and on the ground. The second key aspect involves designing the on-orbit radiometric calibration mode based on satellite-ground integration. To improve the frequency and quality of radiometric calibration, the satellite should be designed with imaging modes such as 90-degree yaw calibration and moon-oriented calibration, and the ground should be equipped with corresponding processing algorithms to achieve efficient on-orbit radiometric calibration and improve image quality. The third aspect involves designing the on-orbit geometric calibration mode, including star-oriented calibration and 180-degree yaw calibration, to enhance the frequency and effectiveness of geometric calibration. The fourth aspect focuses on designing the data transmission link for satellites carrying multiple payloads, ensuring that data is transmitted effectively through dual channels. Often, space-ground transmission errors can cause the loss of frames on a certain channel. If the data of multiple payloads are randomly distributed across dual channels, the loss of frames on one channel could result in the inability to merge data from the two channels, leading to payload data loss. Therefore, in the data transmission design, arranging the data of the same payload within the same channel is recommended to avoid the distribution of the same payload's data across two channels. This approach enhances the robustness of the entire system by ensuring that any data loss on a specific channel only affects one payload, without impacting the data of other payloads. Finally, the design of auxiliary data for payloads is addressed. The auxiliary data must be complete and accurate, including the platform's GNSS positioning and orbit determination information, the attitude information from star sensors, the angular velocity information from the gyroscope, the imaging time for each row, and the parameters used during imaging. keywords: {Integrated optics;Accuracy;Satellite broadcasting;Small satellites;Radiometry;Optical imaging;Calibration;Optical sensors;Remote sensing;Payloads;Satellite-ground integrated design;Optical Remote Sensing Satellite;Uncontrolled positioning;On-orbit radiometric Calibration;On-orbit geometric calibration;Payload's auxiliary data},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10823720&isnumber=10823660

"2. Low-power Analog In-memory Computing Neuromorphic Circuits," in Embedded Artificial Intelligence: Devices, Embedded Systems, and Industrial Applications , River Publishers, 2022, pp.15-24.Abstract: Recent technological developments in sensors, edge computing, connectivity, and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies have accelerated the integration of data analysis based on embedded AI capabilities into resource-constrained, energy-efficient hardware devices for processing information at the network edge. Embedded AI combines embedded machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL or spiking neural network (SNN) algorithms on edge devices and implements edge computing capabilities that enable data processing and analysis without optimised connectivity and integration, allowing users to access data from various sources. Embedded AI efficiently implements edge computing and AI processes on resource-constrained devices to mitigate downtime and service latency, and it successfully merges AI processes as a pivotal component in edge computing and embedded system devices. Embedded AI also enables users to reduce costs, communication, and processing time by assembling data and by supporting user requirements without the need for continuous interaction with physical locations. This book provides an overview of the latest research results and activities in industrial embedded AI technologies and applications, based on close cooperation between three large-scale ECSEL JU projects, AI4DI, ANDANTE, and TEMPO. The book’s content targets researchers, designers, developers, academics, post-graduate students and practitioners seeking recent research on embedded AI. It combines the latest developments in embedded AI, addressing methodologies, tools, and techniques to offer insight into technological trends and their use across different industries.

G. Luo et al., "EdgeCooper: Network-Aware Cooperative LiDAR Perception for Enhanced Vehicular Awareness," in IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications, vol. 42, no. 1, pp. 207-222, Jan. 2024, doi: 10.1109/JSAC.2023.3322764.
Abstract: Autonomous driving vehicle (ADV) that is ready to transform our society and economy, is in desperate need of precise positioning over itself as well as surrounding environments. However, it is still a challenging issue for ADV to retrieve real-time positioning knowledge over road participants and dynamic surrounding environments, due to unsatisfied perception accuracy caused by sparse observations and limited perception range. Cooperative perception, which advocates cooperatively disseminating perception data among vehicles, has the potential to overcome the above limitations. To this end, this article proposes a novel edge-assisted multi-vehicle perception system to enhance vehicles’ awareness over surrounding environments, which is termed as EdgeCooper. EdgeCooper first schedules vehicles to share complementarity-enhanced and redundancy-minimized raw sensor data with an edge server, using multi-hop cooperative 5G V2X communications. Then, EdgeCooper merges vehicles’ individual views to form a holistic view with a higher resolution, thus enhancing perception robustness and enlarging perception range. We formulate multi-vehicle multi-hop cooperative data sharing as a minimum cost flow problem with conflict, and further prove that there exists no polynomial-time approximation algorithm with a constant performance ratio unless P = NP. Furthermore, a two-dimension graph coloring algorithm with guaranteed performance is proposed to eliminate conflict. We evaluate EdgeCooper by building a comprehensive simulation platform through a joint manipulation of SUMO, CARLA, NS3, and PyTorch. The experiment results show that, compared to a single vehicle’s perception, EdgeCooper performs effective and efficient in enhancing vehicular awareness, e.g., extending up to 3.6 times detection range and improving perception accuracy by 20%.
keywords: {Image edge detection;Sensors;Collaboration;Point cloud compression;Pedestrians;Object detection;Laser radar;Cooperative communication;collaborative perception;network-aware;edge computing;positioning},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10274112&isnumber=10364883


Z. Kaya, M. Garrido and J. Takala, "Memory-Based FFT Architecture With Optimized Number of Multiplexers and Memory Usage," in IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems II: Express Briefs, vol. 70, no. 8, pp. 3084-3088, Aug. 2023, doi: 10.1109/TCSII.2023.3245823.
Abstract: This brief presents a new  $P$ -parallel radix-2 memory-based fast Fourier transform (FFT) architecture. The aim of this brief is to reduce the number of multiplexers and achieve an efficient memory usage. One advantage of the proposed architecture is that it only needs permutation circuits after the memories, which reduces the multiplexer usage to only one multiplexer per parallel branch. Another advantage is that the architecture calculates the same permutation based on the perfect shuffle at each iteration. Thus, the shuffling circuits do not need to be configured for different iterations. In fact, all the memories require the same read and write addresses, which simplifies the control even further and allows to merge the memories. Along with the hardware efficiency, conflict-free memory access is fulfilled by a circular counter. The FFT has been implemented on a field programmable gate array. Compared to previous approaches, the proposed architecture has the least number of multiplexers and achieves very low area usage.
keywords: {Multiplexing;Memory management;Memory architecture;Hardware;Signal processing algorithms;Indexes;Writing;Memory-based FFT;perfect shuffle;radix-2},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10045789&isnumber=10198497


S. Li, S. Huai and W. Liu, "An Efficient Gustavson-Based Sparse Matrix–Matrix Multiplication Accelerator on Embedded FPGAs," in IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems, vol. 42, no. 12, pp. 4671-4680, Dec. 2023, doi: 10.1109/TCAD.2023.3281719.
Abstract: Sparse matrix–matrix multiplication (SpMM) is an important kernel in multiple areas, e.g., data analytics and machine learning. Due to the low on-chip memory requirement, the consistent data format, and the simplified control logic, Gustavson’s algorithm is a promising backbone algorithm for SpMM on hardware accelerators. However, the off-chip memory traffic still limits the performance of the algorithm, especially on embedded FPGAs. Previous researchers optimize Gustavson’s algorithm targeting high bandwidth memory-based architectures and their solutions cannot be directly applied to embedded FPGAs with traditional DDRs. In this work, we propose an efficient Gustavson-based SpMM accelerator on embedded FPGAs. The proposed design fully considers the feature of off-chip memory access on embedded FPGAs and the dataflow of Gustavson’s algorithm. First, we analyze the parallelism of the algorithm and propose to perform the algorithm with element-wise parallelism, which reduces the idle time of processing elements caused by synchronization. Further, we show a counter-intuitive example that the traditional cache leads to worse performance. Then, we propose a novel access pattern-aware cache scheme called SpCache, which provides quick responses to reduce bank conflicts caused by irregular memory accesses and combines streaming and caching to handle requests that access ordered elements of unpredictable length. Moreover, we propose to perform the merge on part of partial results, which removes some redundant merges in the naive implementation and has little postprocessing overhead. Finally, we conduct experiments on the Xilinx Zynq-UltraScale ZCU106 platform with a set of benchmarks from the SuiteSparse matrix collection. The experimental results show that the proposed design achieves an average  $1.75\times $  performance speedup compared to the baseline.
keywords: {Sparse matrices;Indexes;Field programmable gate arrays;Parallel processing;Machine learning algorithms;System-on-chip;Memory management;Dataflow;FPGA;Gustavson;sparse matrix–matrix multiplication (SpMM)},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10139817&isnumber=10325328


M. E. Shalabi, H. El-Hussieny, A. A. Abouelsoud and A. M. R. Fath Elbab, "Control of Automotive Air-Spring Suspension System Using Z-Number Based Fuzzy System," 2019 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics (ROBIO), Dali, China, 2019, pp. 1306-1311, doi: 10.1109/ROBIO49542.2019.8961492.Abstract: This paper presents the control of an automotive air-spring suspension system using a Z-number based fuzzy inference system. One of automotive suspension functions is to isolate vehicle body from road disturbance which is described by transmissibility coefficient. There is a conflict between ride comfort and handling requirements. Lower transmissibility coefficient results in improving passengers’ comfort. In this study, an air-spring suspension system is connected to two additional volumes of different sizes via ON-OFF valves that are controlled by the proposed control strategy. The stiffness of the suspension system is the control parameter that is controlled by changing the enclosed pressure and the total air volume inside the air-spring within one of four chosen levels. The proposed Z-number control scheme is characterized by two components; constraint and reliability. The interpolating reasoning of the Z-number fuzzy is constructed and applied. Genetic Algorithm is used to estimate the optimal control gains and switching levels of the air volumes. The proposed control system is applied to a simulated quarter car model to evaluate system performance. Then, the proposed controller is compared to a conventional fuzzy controller and a fuzzy controller merged with discrete volume control. The results show that the proposed controller improves the air suspension performance compared to the other controllers with a maximum acceleration of 1.1 cm/s2. keywords: {Fuzzy logic;Vibrations;Suspensions (mechanical systems);Fuzzy control;Time-frequency analysis;Switches;Control systems;Frequency control;Automotive engineering;Genetic algorithms;Air Suspension;Air Stiffness;Fuzzy Control;Vibration Isolation;Z-number based Fuzzy System},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8961492&isnumber=8961374

J. Huang, W. Wu, Y. Ning, N. Zhou and Z. Xu, "A Behavior Control Scheme for Multi-Robot Systems under Human Intervention," 2019 Chinese Control Conference (CCC), Guangzhou, China, 2019, pp. 6189-6193, doi: 10.23919/ChiCC.2019.8866251.Abstract: This paper studies the behavioral control of a group of autonomous robots under human intervention, and each agent is modeled by an single integrator. The human-dominated task and robot self-determination task functions are designed, respectively, and they are elaborately merged by the proposed behavioral control framework. The human intervention has the highest authority to change the priority of the tasks. Finally, the case studies show that the proposed method can effectively solve the multi-task conflict problem under human intervention and realize the formation of robots. keywords: {Task analysis;Robot kinematics;Collision avoidance;Jacobian matrices;Null space;Collaboration;Human intervention;behavioral control;multi-robot systems;formation control},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8866251&isnumber=8865119

L. Stuchlikova and J. Marek, "Academy Phoenix: Will Universities Reborn in Industry 5.0 Era, or Will They Lie Down in Ashes?," 2022 20th International Conference on Emerging eLearning Technologies and Applications (ICETA), Stary Smokovec, Slovakia, 2022, pp. 613-619, doi: 10.1109/ICETA57911.2022.9974752.Abstract: Industry 5.0 had been envisioned as a new era of the Industry that goes beyond simple efficiency and productivity. Instead of trivial economic benefits, it puts human society on a pedestal. The human needs and society as a whole are prioritised against the rise of material wealth. Cyberspace and physical space are merged to find a solution to social problems. The life-quality improvement, ageing society, climate change and sustainable development are new challenges that require a novel approach. People must stop working for the industry, but on the contrary, the industry must start working for people. There was always an idea conflict between the universities and the industry. Even though the industry is asking to train people for present today, the universities are teaching for tomorrow to be ready for the future. This is not enough anymore. Fulfilling the Industry 5.0 vision requires Universities 5.0. Excellent science needs to meet the needs of society. University research should be the pathfinder, while the industry is the accelerator of change. University students need a limitless global education, merging nations on the way to new knowledge and breakthrough discoveries. The industry should not be the only recipient of university graduates but the direct participant of the education and supporter of the technology transfer. This paper discusses the challenges and solutions in cooperation between technical universities and employers in the context of the Industry 5.0 trend. It also tries to answer the question of what are the limits of academic freedom in university education when dealing with the demands of Industry 5.0. keywords: {Economics;Technology forecasting;Climate change;Fourth Industrial Revolution;Technology transfer},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9974752&isnumber=9974602

M. A. Makridis, J. Schaniel and A. Kouvelas, "Rule-Based On-Off Traffic Control Strategy for CAVs on Motorway Networks: Assessing Cooperation Level and Driving Homogeneity," in IEEE Access, vol. 11, pp. 35111-35121, 2023, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3265470.
Abstract: Connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) attract much attention due to their unique behavioral characteristics and the promise to transform road transport systems as we know them today. However, the behavior of such vehicles on the road is not homogeneous since each manufacturer offers different implementations. Cooperation is essential to homogenize the traffic flow of CAVs and prevent delays on congested networks with high demand. This work proposes a rule-based decentralized on- off cooperation strategy at merging locations on freeway networks using CAVs as mobile actuators. The proposed strategy handles bilateral conflicts at on- ramps between vehicles with conflicting trajectories, taking actions at the vehicle level in a lateral or longitudinal direction, to minimize the disturbance for the following vehicles. Furthermore, heterogeneity among such vehicles is assessed through different parameter distributions among CAVs to demonstrate the importance of ensuring homogeneous dynamics in the vehicle operation design. Microscopic simulation is used to demonstrate the robustness of the proposed strategy and the value of homogeneous dynamics. The results show that cooperation of CAVs decreases the average network delay time by up to 46%. Homogeneous driving behavior amplifies the benefit of the cooperative strategy significantly.
keywords: {Connected vehicles;Traffic control;Trajectory;Delays;Vehicle dynamics;Behavioral sciences;Road traffic;Intelligent transportation systems;Connected and automated vehicles;traffic control;driver homogeneity;intelligent transportation systems;traffic management;traffic simulation},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10097284&isnumber=10005208


D. Garai, R. E. Harabi and F. Bacha, "Modeling switched behavior to monitor energy-based dynamical systems," 2021 IEEE 2nd International Conference on Signal, Control and Communication (SCC), Tunis, Tunisia, 2021, pp. 282-288, doi: 10.1109/SCC53769.2021.9768383.Abstract: Nowadays, a wide number of manufacturing systems are usually coupled discrete and continuous dynamic behaviors. This paper deals with the design of a novel framework related to the fault diagnosis issue merging quantitative and qualitative reasoning so as to accurately monitor several fault kinds affecting such hybrid systems. Two different structural fault diagnosis approaches are compared. Firstly, the Hybrid Bond Graph (HBG) representation (quantitative way) is used to obtain the Global Analytical Redundancy Relations (GARRs) dedicated to Fault Detection and Isolation (FDI) tasks. Secondly, the qualitative approach utilizes the possible conflicts which are deduced from the Directed Behavioral Hypergraph (DBH) description and able to study the temporal and qualitative impacts related to sensor and actuator faults. Afterwards qualitative and quantitative methods are compared and discussed so as to analysis the ability to diagnose the dynamical hybrid systems. keywords: {Fault diagnosis;Actuators;Fault detection;Redundancy;Switches;Cognition;Task analysis;Hybrid Bond Graph Modelling;Directed Behavioral Hypergraph;Fault Diagnosis},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9768383&isnumber=9768337

R. Wang et al., "SeqMvRL: A Sequential Fusion Framework for Multi-view Representation Learning," 2025 IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), Nashville, TN, USA, 2025, pp. 25822-25831, doi: 10.1109/CVPR52734.2025.02405.Abstract: Multi-view representation learning integrates multiple observable views of an entity into a unified representation to facilitate downstream tasks. Current methods predominantly focus on distinguishing compatible components across views, followed by a single-step parallel fusion process. However, this parallel fusion is static in essence, overlooking potential conflicts among views and compromising representation ability. To address this issue, this paper proposes a novel Sequential fusion framework for Multi-view Representation Learning, termed SeqMvRL. Specifically, we model multi-view fusion as a sequential decision-making problem and construct a pairwise integrator (PI) and a next-view selector (NVS), which represent the environment and agent in reinforcement learning, respectively. PI merges the current fused feature with the selected view, while NVS is introduced to determine which view to fuse subsequently. By adaptively selecting the next optimal view for fusion based on the current fusion state, SeqMvRL thereby effectively reduces conflicts and enhances unified representation quality. Additionally, an elaborate novel reward function encourages the model to prioritize views that enhance the discriminability of the fused features. Experimental results demonstrate that SeqMvRL outperforms parallel fusion schemes in classification and clustering tasks. keywords: {Representation learning;Computer vision;Adaptation models;Fuses;Computational modeling;Decision making;Reinforcement learning;Feature extraction;Data mining;multi-view fusion;multi-view clustering;representation learning},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11094937&isnumber=11091608

M. A. Lasemi, F. Najafi and A. Arabkoohsar, "Multi-objective Smart Distribution Network Operation Considering Demand Response Programming," 2021 5th International Conference on Internet of Things and Applications (IoT), Isfahan, Iran, 2021, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/IoT52625.2021.9469709.Abstract: The experience of deploying Smart Grids in many countries has shown that it has many economic and environmental advantages such as reducing greenhouse emissions, increasing network stability, merging distributed generations into power systems, and many more. In this paper, a novel optimization model for the operation of smart grids is proposed. It is introduced as a multi-objective optimization problem considering two main goals, including the minimization of operation costs and the maximization of the power quality under a day-ahead market perspective. To reach these goals, reducing power losses in transmission lines, and minimizing the cost of the energy transmitted from the upstream network as well as voltage deviation are considered as objectives function of the proposed model. These two conflicting objective functions are then summed up through the Weighted Sum Method (WSM) to create a single objective function to reduce the operational cost and increase the power quality in the Smart Grid simultaneously. Moreover, renewable energy resources such as wind turbines and photovoltaic arrays, and demand response programming are raised in the model. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed model, it has been tested on IEEE 33 bus system by using GAMS software. The simulation results show the benefits and efficiency of the proposed model. keywords: {Economics;Power quality;Distribution networks;Programming;Power system stability;Linear programming;Load management;Smart grid;operation;demand response programing;renewable energy;optimization},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9469709&isnumber=9469598

M. Björkqvist, F. Bosman, T. Quillinan, R. Dommerholt-Scholten and V. -D. Stanciu, "Partition-Tolerant Distributed Cryptographic Key Management," 2025 44th International Symposium on Reliable Distributed Systems (SRDS), Oporto, Portugal, 2025, pp. 218-229, doi: 10.1109/SRDS69199.2025.00033.Abstract: Resilient key management is particularly important for systems whose functionality depends on the high availability of cryptographically controlled data. A natural approach to achieving resilience implies the use of more distributed nodes as key managers, so that, in case something happens with one, some remain available. However, such distributed systems may experience network partitions, i.e. network splits that separate nodes in different disconnected islands. In this paper, we propose a decentralized key management solution that continues to operate in the event of network partitions and also conflict-free reintegrates back into a single system after partitions merge. Our solution encodes keys as conflict-free replicated data types and distributes the knowledge about them through a combination of push- and pull-based epidemics, and gossip protocol. We introduce a proof-of-concept implementation and evaluate it under different scenarios of network partitions and recoveries, concluding that the system correctly converges in limited time after partition events, that the overhead of spreading information about keys is bounded and that the latency of key-related client requests is acceptably low. keywords: {Epidemics;Protocols;Cryptography;Reliability;Resilience;cryptographic key management;DCS;distributed system;two islands;availability;partition tolerance;CRDT},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11360443&isnumber=11360328

Y. Wu, "AI-Driven Optimization of Smart Spaces: A WASPAS Decision Model to Intelligent Environment Design," in IEEE Access, vol. 13, pp. 92569-92576, 2025, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3572940.
Abstract: Smart spaces are continually developing, needing cutting-edge ideas for better intelligent environment design to increase user experience, energy efficiency, and operational performance. This research presents a unique computational strategy that addresses the challenges of smart space design by leveraging AI-driven optimization principles. To handle uncertainty and imprecision in data, we propose merging Dempster-Shafer Fuzzy Sets (DSFS) with the Weighted Aggregated Sum Product Assessment (WASPAS) method for multi-criteria decisions. The DSFS framework enables robust modeling of ambiguous and conflicting information, while the WASPAS technique ensures a balanced assessment of competing design objectives. Through case studies in office and residential smart environments, our approach demonstrated a 15Ű22% improvement in energy efficiency, a 12Ű18% enhancement in user comfort scores, and a 20% reduction in system response latency compared to conventional methods. Additionally, the hybrid DSFS-WASPAS model showed 92.3% accuracy in resolving conflicting design constraints under uncertainty. These results highlight the efficacy of AI-driven optimization in smart space layouts, offering scalable and adaptable solutions for future intelligent environments. This study contributes to intelligent environment design by presenting a comprehensive, computationally efficient, and uncertainty-aware strategy.
keywords: {Fuzzy sets;Uncertainty;Smart spaces;Optimization;Decision making;Packaging;Energy efficiency;Sustainable development;Fuzzy logic;Fuzzy set theory;MACROS method;Dempster-Shafer fuzzy sets;fuzzy logic;AI-driven optimization;uncertainty modeling;WASPAS approach},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11014064&isnumber=10820123


S. -H. Kim, S. Son and H. Won, "ASPEN: Authority-Based Sovereign Provenance-Enforced Network for RDF Catalog Federation," 2025 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (BigData), Macau, China, 2025, pp. 8263-8265, doi: 10.1109/BigData66926.2025.11401715.Abstract: Cross-border data spaces require mechanisms for exchanging RDF catalog updates across independent authorities under heterogeneous governance frameworks. Existing approaches exhibit limitations in simultaneously achieving offlinetolerant replication, verifiable lineage, and governance-aligned sharing. This paper presents ASPEN, an authority-based synchronization architecture that enables organizations to replicate RDF catalog updates without merge conflicts or centralized intermediaries. The design combines cryptographic provenance with sovereign authority scopes to ensure monotonic history, tamper-evident provenance, and non-repudiation while maintaining independent yet interoperable sovereignty. keywords: {Prevention and mitigation;Distributed databases;Organizations;Non-repudiation;Big Data;Benchmark testing;Resource description framework;Cryptography;Synchronization;History;RDF catalog federation;sovereign data spaces;cryptographic provenance;distributed synchronization},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11401715&isnumber=11400712

K. S. Kaswan, J. S. Dhatterwal and K. Malik, "Hidden Mines Detection using Intelligent Robots," 2025 2nd International Conference on Advanced Computing and Emerging Technologies (ACET), Ghaziabad, India, 2025, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ACET67282.2025.11430256.Abstract: Land mines still remain a serious threat around the world, estimated to have millions of active devices in contested regions, historical conflict zones and along borders. Conventional landmine-detection devices are dangerous, timeconsuming and unreliable. To resolve this urgent problem, we propose a novel method to make use of smart robots to detect the hidden landmines safely and efficiently. The paper describes the method, major findings, and implications of our work. Our methodology combines cutting edge technology including robotic using sensors and advanced artificial intelligent (AI) algorithms. These robots traverse the treacherous landscapes, searching for signs of anomalies that may denote a landmine. Robots use ground-penetrating radar, metal detectors and thermal imaging to accurately recognise subsurface mines and mines on the surface. Thanks to extensive testing on the field, and accurate validation, our intelligent robots have shown to present a great precision on the detection of mines. With real-time data processing capabilities, the AI algorithms used resulted in a low rate of false positives and the quick detection of true threats. Deploying smart robots to clear mines overhead reduces human risk and speeds things up. The importance of such research is not only that it could potentially save countless lives, but it could be applied to other dangerous environments as well (ie: disaster sites, areas polluted by industrial facilities, etc). It demonstrates the development of AI-based robotics in applications involving humanitarian (and security) oper ations, emphasizing the necessity of technology to tackle emerging global issues. This research contributes to the international effort to address the global landmine crisis. We merge advanced robotics technology with intelligent machinery, offering a safer, quicker and scalable landmine detecting solution. The implications of the results in this paper will have far reaching impact on humanitarian and security operations, and demonstrate the importance of intelligent robots in dealing with such complex and life threatening tasks. keywords: {Landmine detection;Ground penetrating radar;Accuracy;Service robots;Robot sensing systems;Security;Intelligent robots;Intelligent sensors;Surface treatment;Testing;Intelligent Robots;Ground-Penetrating Radar;Machine Learning;Sensor Fusion;Aerial Robots},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11430256&isnumber=11430183

W. Zhang and D. He, "Efficient coalitional model predictive control with Pareto optimal system partitioning," 2023 IEEE 2nd Industrial Electronics Society Annual On-Line Conference (ONCON), SC, USA, 2023, pp. 1-2, doi: 10.1109/ONCON60463.2023.10430608.Abstract: This paper proposes an efficient coalitional model predictive control algorithm with Pareto optimal system partitioning for coupled nonlinear systems. We consider a coupled nonlinear multi-agent system controlled by a set of local agents, which can be dynamically merged into coalitions for centralized control as certain similar characteristics or specific requirements arise. A modified continuation/generalized minimal residual (C/GMRES) algorithm is developed for the high- dimensional coalition dynamics that may arise in this process. Compared with the standard C/GMRES, the modified C/GMRES has been extended in the coalitional framework and a modified barrier function is integrated into the cost function to handle inequality constraints. In addition, to balance the conflict between communication cost and performance cost, a non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm is employed to search Pareto optimal system partitioning. Finally, the proposed algorithm is illustrated through a simulation example. keywords: {Costs;Heuristic algorithms;Pareto optimization;Prediction algorithms;Partitioning algorithms;Standards;Predictive control;Model predictive control;coalitional control;C/GMRES},URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10430608&isnumber=10430420

M. D. A. Orkney et al., "EDGE: two routes to dark matter core formation in ultra-faint dwarfs," in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, vol. 504, no. 3, pp. 3509-3522, April 2021, doi: 10.1093/mnras/stab1066.
Abstract: In the standard Lambda cold dark matter paradigm, pure dark matter simulations predict dwarf galaxies should inhabit dark matter haloes with a centrally diverging density ‘cusp’. This is in conflict with observations that typically favour a constant density ‘core’. We investigate this ‘cusp-core problem’ in ‘ultra-faint’ dwarf galaxies simulated as part of the ‘Engineering Dwarfs at Galaxy formation's Edge’ project. We find, similarly to previous work, that gravitational potential fluctuations within the central region of the simulated dwarfs kinematically heat the dark matter particles, lowering the dwarfs’ central dark matter density. However, these fluctuations are not exclusively caused by gas inflow/outflow, but also by impulsive heating from minor mergers. We use the genetic modification approach on one of our dwarf's initial conditions to show how a delayed assembly history leads to more late minor mergers and, correspondingly, more dark matter heating. This provides a mechanism by which even ultra-faint dwarfs ($M_* \lt 10^5\, \text{M}_{\odot }$), in which star formation was fully quenched at high redshift, can have their central dark matter density lowered over time. In contrast, we find that late major mergers can regenerate a central dark matter cusp, if the merging galaxy had sufficiently little star formation. The combination of these effects leads us to predict significant stochasticity in the central dark matter density slopes of the smallest dwarfs, driven by their unique star formation and mass assembly histories.
keywords: {methods: numerical;galaxies: dwarf;galaxies: evolution;galaxies: formation;galaxies: haloes;dark matter},
URL: https://ieeexplore-ieee-org.ez27.periodicos.capes.gov.br/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9466749&isnumber=9466722


